Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?
Trustpilots growth has been exponential - from a successful IPO to building out new teams, we never stop working hard to fulfil our mission to create better experiences for everyone through our platform. But to do that, we need data! Thats where Analytics comes in - youll assist us in measuring, uncovering insights, and predicting, to get data everywhere in Trustpilot. Weve built a world-class analytics team that spans two continents and four cities - are you ready to join a fun, diverse global team?
As a Data Analyst at Trustpilot, you will collaborate with Trusties in our Commercial and Marketing or Consumer and Trust teams and spend your time digging through our data to provide them with data-driven insights, as well as analytics and dashboardsreporting. Youre keen to help them use data to answer their toughest questions, and you can proactively identify areas that need a little data support. Youll be an internal data consultant, with loads of amazing data in our data warehouse at your fingertips, working with analytical tools including BigQuery and Looker.  
CommercialMarketing
As a B2B company, understanding our customers journey from prospect to paid customer is key. In this role, you get to join a growing team of data analysts and work closely with our Marketing, Sales, Customer Success and Operations teams. The team is responsible for all types of analyses to support our marketing and commercial efforts and strategy, from understanding which marketing campaigns work well, to mapping our customers journey through data and analysing the impact of our pricing initiatives.
ConsumerTrust
A huge part of what we do at Trustpilot is Trust (its in the name!). We need to ensure that the content on our platform is real content from real people. That means eliminating scam and spam, and identifying fraudulent behavior. We have several cross functional teams devoted to Trust. Youll be tightly aligned to their goals, supporting teams such as Content Integrity to discover fraudulent activity, and helping data scientists assess their spam models.
What youll be doing:

Delivering expert analytics and insights to different parts of the business, through both workstream-driven initiatives and ad-hoc inquiries
Picking the right solution for the problem youve got, from your arsenal of analytical tools and methods
Working closely with the CommercialMarketing or Trust teams to understand their data and their goals to deliver awesome solutions
Presenting and promoting your work to the wider business, to enable data-inform decision making
Mentoring and transferring knowledge to more junior team members

Who you are:

Deep knowledge of key analytical and statistical methodologies, such as model-based analyses (regression, clustering etc.), cohort analysis and AB testing. as well as reporting best practices, leveraging BI tools (such as Looker, Tableau etc.)
Knowledge of reporting best practices and experience delivering actionable insights  leveraging BI tools (such as Looker, Tableau etc.)
Experience in stakeholder and project management, with the confidence to deliver results back to the business
Proficiency in R or Python, and awesome SQL skills
Familiarity with Airflow, DBT or similar tools used for building data pipelines
Advanced written and verbal communication skills

Whats in it for you:

A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
Competitive compensation package  bonus
28 days holiday plus two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Pension and Life Insurance
Health cash plan, Online GP, 247 Employee Assistance Plan
Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Season ticket loan and a cycle to work scheme
Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner with a Nintendo Wii and VR headsets, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials.
Free breakfast and lunch in the office on Tuesdays and Wednesdays along with extra treats throughout the month — think ice cream carts, chocolate fountains and cocktailmocktail bars, to name a few
Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, gym memberships, cinema discounts and more

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
LI-LP1

About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.