Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?A core value proposition of Trustpilot is Trust. We work hard to ensure that our platform has real content from real people with real experiences. That means eliminating fraudulent reviews and sanctioning suspect behavior to keep our platform authentic. Our Trust Data Science team aims to be an established name in the use of advanced modeling to safeguard the integrity of online reviews, and we have several cross-functional teams devoted to Trust where Data Science is integral to achieving our goals.
We are looking for a skilled Senior Data Scientist to join our Trust team in our mission. You and your team will work within a focus area to develop, deploy, and maintain innovative models at scale, alongside a cross-functional team of software developers, product managers, ML engineers, and designers. You will have the opportunity to collaborate widely across the business including with those in our Legal, Platform Engineering, and Data Science teams within Consumer, B2B, and Commercial.
To succeed in this role you will have prior experience in developing and deploying ML models. You have a solid technical background and are already an accomplished Data Scientist in your field, with hands-on ability in all stages of modeling from concept through to production. You must have an adaptable mindset and advanced knowledge of the interface between data science and engineering. Experience working in an interdisciplinary team is a big plus, and it will be ideal if you already have experience with fraud detection algorithms for an online platform.
What youll be doing:

Be hands-on in delivering the Data Science component of key strategic projects for our Trust initiatives, from building and fine-tuning language models to sequence modeling and anomaly detection to identify spurious patterns
Own, maintain, and deploy production-ready ML models, with tooling support from ML engineers, and analyse data to set the direction of what we should build next, and why
Engage with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Translate business requirements into Data Science deliverables
Great opportunity to make a real impact on our business by applying the state of the art in Data Science
The opportunity to work with leading data engineering technologies including Google Vertex AI tools, Google BigQuery, and AWS, and with leading Data Science tools and emerging technologies for model building and deployment
Opportunities to develop your career in a friendly, diverse, international, team and workplace

 
Who you are:

Experience with analytical and quantitative problem-solving using advanced statistical techniques and machine learning methods, e.g. anomaly detection, sequence modeling, classification, and semi-supervisedactive learning
Experience in building and deploying production-ready ML models at scale, and solid data engineering skills (e.g. experience with cloud technologies - we use GCP but experience with AWS or Azure will also be fine)
Ability in Python and SQL for data manipulation, modeling, and scripting
Experience in working with large datasets, ideally from tech platforms, e-commerce, or SaaS-type businesses. Knowledge of behavioral data and detecting misbehavior at scale is a big plus
Knowledge of data pipelining and prior experience of cloud-based ML model deployments
Great communication skills - both with technical colleagues and with business stakeholders 
Proven technical experience in a Data Science role, preferably in the technology sector or in a technical consultancy 

 
We are:
Trustpilots growth has been exponential - from a successful IPO to building out new teams, we never stop working hard to fulfill our mission to create better experiences for everyone through our platform. Our Data Scientists work within our Trust, Product, and Commercial areas to build models from data that safeguard trust, support great products, deliver insights, and transform our business processes. 
 
Whats in it for you:

A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
Competitive compensation package  bonus
25 days holiday per year, with an extra 5 days holiday allocated after your 1 year anniversary (prorated) 
Two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities are supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning, and Blinkist
Comprehensive health package, pension, and full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Newly renovated central office with  a laid-back vibe and constant buzz of different languages being spoken everywhere you go Its complete with a coffee bar, canteen, and table tennis and has a wide variety of refreshments available - you can opt-in for breakfast and lunch at an affordable price
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities, and team socials
Opportunity to join the Trustpilot Social Club for a small monthly fee and attend regular social and leisure activities like go-karting, cooking classes, and escape rooms 
Employee discounts to restaurants and shops 
Tax-Free Travel (DSB) 

 
Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
LI-Hybrid, LI-PM1About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.