Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?
The role:
Analytics Engineers speak the language of business teams and technical teams, sitting at the intersection of Analytics, Data Science, Data Engineering and Product teams. Using our modern data stack, you and colleagues will build out the data warehouse to support decision making at Trustpilot!
 
What youll be doing:
You will be maintaining our data warehouse and business intelligence tool, while supporting consumers of data across the organisation!

Designing, building, maintaining and monitoring data pipelines and models, leveraging GCP, Airflow, and other modern data tools.
Rolling out our new Data Cataloguing tool to help expose data across the business.
Looking after our business intelligence tool - Looker.
Assisting stakeholders with building their own dashboards, reports and data  solutions.
Advocate for data as a product to ensure data is documented, reviewed, and accurate.
Optimising our data warehouse and development methods, reducing complexity and costs where possible.

Who you are:

You have extensive working knowledge of cloud data warehouses, modern warehousing techniques and experience applying this to a modern data stack. 
You have experience working in a SQL heavy data role.
You have experience maintaining the same data model and adapting it over time as requirements change, with extensive experience in 1 or more major data subject areas (marketing, web analytics, finance, product, etc).
Youll be able to blend business insight with technical expertise and transition between business strategy and data development.
Youll be endlessly curious, proactive, and motivated - youre enthusiastic about data and technology and how it can transform a business.
Youll encourage and champion test-oriented development and the need for good data.
You have great communication and stakeholder management skills.
You are able to convey technical concepts and complex logic to non-technical colleagues.


Whats in it for you:

A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
Competitive compensation package  bonus
28 days holiday plus two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Pension and life insurance
Health cash plan, online GP, 247, Employee Assistance Plan
Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Season ticket loan and a cycle to work scheme
Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials.
Free breakfast and lunch in the office on Tuesdays and Wednesdays along with extra treats throughout the month — think ice cream carts, chocolate fountains and cocktailmocktail bars, to name a few
Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts and more.
Independent financial advice and free standard professional mortgage broker advice

 

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!

 
LI-JC1About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.