Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?As part of our Enterprise team, youll play a pivotal role in ensuring that people continue to see Trustpilot everywhere! We are very proud to be one of the most viewed websites in the world and our customers partner with us to help them become better, to be seen more and to sell more. If you share our values of being open, transparent and collaborative and you want to sell a solution that you can really be passionate about, then read on
The Enterprise sales team bring our world-class review solutions to top brands and retailers. As an Enterprise Account Development representative (EADR) you will prospect for new business as well as research new verticals to identify new opportunities in close collaboration with our Enterprise Business Development Managers. 
The EADR is a position that provides initial introduction and inception to the Trustpilot ecosystem. We are looking for competitive, energetic and most of all motivated people with outbound sales experience, who can discover and pique the interest of C Level executives of businesses who will benefit from our product and solutions.
 This role will be a remote role based in Berlin. 
What Youll Be Doing:

Research prospects and identify stakeholders in order to generate interest and create rapport
Manage expectations and overcome objections
Maintain an organized pipeline and activity records using Salesforce.com
Reach and exceed key performance indicators including calls scheduled, calls completed, qualified opportunities and deals won from your meetings.
Develop skills necessary to grow within your channel or choose to progress into a full Account Executive role according to business needs

 
Who You Are:

1 years of sales experience preferably within a SaaS or tech environment
You speak Native German and Fluent English
A professional interest in building a career in sales
Entrepreneurial mindset - eager to advance in your channel and beyond through clearly defined learning and earning paths
Self disciplined, organized and ambitious. Able to consistently achieve daily and monthly sales goals and targets. 
Go-getter attitude that displays initiative and persistence, all with a innovative mindset
Positive and creative attitude with professional communication skills
Resilience, perseverance, and the ability to overcome objections
Ability to work in a high-energy, sales-team environment

Whats in it for you?

On-going career development, training and one-to-one coaching via our in-house enablement team
Hybrid working model 23 days on site and the rest working from home
A  lucrative commission structure, company bonus and benefits
25 days annual leave; after 12 months of continuous service you will be entitled to 5 days extra annual leave
2 (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
At Trustpilot we care about your well-being; you will have full access to apps such as Headspace, Blinkist  LinkedIn Learning
Paid parental leave
Newly renovated central office with  a laid back vibe and constant buzz of different languages being spoken everywhere you go Its complete with a coffee bar, canteen and table tennis and has a wide variety of refreshments available

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
LI-AM1About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.