Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?As Trustpilot continues to grow and scale its commercial performance, we are looking for an enthusiastic and resourceful person who strives in a fast-paced environment supporting a rapidly growing sales team to join our Global Sales Performance Management function. The Sales Performance Management function is responsible for the design and execution of sales incentives, sales planning and quota management, reporting, analysis, and more. This is a global role with the sales team spread across 8 offices around the world. You will be working cross-functionally with stakeholders across different departments and locations. You will report directly to the Sr. Manager of Sales Performance Management within the Finance organisation.
What youll be doing:

Work within the Sales Performance Management team calculating, tracking, and reporting for Sales Compensation and other incentive-based reward programs.
Handle inquiries from sales colleagues on commission plans andor calculations and initiate data investigation and communicate resolution where required.
Manage dedicated commission and rewards systems and their evolution.
Assist with monthly reporting of Commercial results.
Assist with other ad-hoc analyses.

Who you are:

Proven experience working with sales compensation
Analytical and detail-oriented mindset
Commercial mindedness
Passionate about working with numbers and advanced Excel andor Google Sheets skills
An ability to prioritize workload and meet targets set by others
A team player  a good communicator
Fluent in English

Whats in it for you:

A range of flexible working options to dedicate time to what matters to you
Competitive compensation package  bonus
25 days holiday per year, with an extra 5 days holiday allocated after your 1 year anniversary (prorated) 
Two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Comprehensive health package, pension and full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Newly renovated central office with  a laid back vibe and constant buzz of different languages being spoken everywhere you go Its complete with a coffee bar, canteen and table tennis and has a wide variety of refreshments available - you can opt in for breakfast and lunch at an affordable price
Regular opportunities to connect and get to know your fellow Trusties, including company-wide celebrations and events, ERG activities and team socials
Opportunity to join the Trustpilot Social Club for a small monthly fee and attend regular social and leisure activities like go karting, cooking classes and escape rooms 
Employee discounts to restaurants and shops 
Tax Free Travel (DSB) 

Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
LI-SH1 
 About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.