Were a leading online reviews platform, free and open to all. Our mission is to be a universal symbol of trust. We are well on our way — but theres still an exciting journey ahead of us. Do you want to join us at the heart of trust?As part of our new business team, youll play a pivotal role in ensuring that people around the world continue to see Trustpilot everywhere!  We are very proud to be one of the most viewed websites in the world and our customers partner with us to help them become better, to be seen more and to sell more. 
If you share our values of being open, transparent and collaborative and you want to sell a solution that you can really be passionate about, then read on

What youll be doing:

Generate new business opportunities with prospective clients by targeting various verticals in the UK market
Take ownership of the full 360 sales cycle (generating leads, demonstrating the product, pricing, negotiation and closing)
Work closely with your colleagues in Customer Success, Trials, Partnerships, Sales development and management to ensure that you offer the best solution to our customers
Collaborate with our marketing team to convert inbound leads from events, webinars and case studies
Build a healthy pipeline to ensure that youre always exceeding your targets


Who you are:

A growth mindset - youre always looking to better yourself and we can give you the platform to do it.
Enthusiasm for the world of SaaS, E-commerce and online reviews
Background or familiarity with the E-commerce world
Familiarity with selling to decision makers in multiple different industries

We are:

Passionate about what we do. Our sales teams are super collaborative and its a fun place to work if you enjoy seeing your hard work recognised and rewarded.
Our culture is fast-paced and our employees grow as we do. Youll have plenty of personal development opportunities thanks to our in-house LD team and individual career mapping.
Ideas people. We love our employees to think outside the box and always champion new ways of working


Whats in it for you:

A hybrid work set up (3 days in our Central London office, 2 days WFH)
Competitive base salary with an uncapped commission structure  company bonus
28 days holiday plus two (paid) volunteering days a year to spend your time giving back to the causes that matter to you and your community
Rich learning and development opportunities supported through the Trustpilot Academy, LinkedIn Learning and Blinkist
Pension and life insurance 
Health cash plan, online GP, 247, Employee Assistance Plan
Full access to Headspace, a popular mindfulness app to promote positive mental health
Paid parental leave
Season ticket loan and a cycle to work scheme
Central office location complete with table tennis, a gaming corner, coffee bars and all the snacks and refreshments you can ask for
Free breakfast and lunch in the office on Tuesdays and Wednesdays along with extra treats throughout the month — think ice cream carts, chocolate fountains and cocktailmocktail bars, to name a few
Access to over 4,000 deals and discounts on things like travel, electronics, fashion, fitness, cinema discounts and more. 
Independent financial advice and free standard professional mortgage broker advice (worth 495 in waived fees)


Still not sure?
We are Open to All, which means we want everyone to feel like they can see themselves at Trustpilot. Were keen to hear about your experiences as well as how you can help to create a fantastic culture for our amazing Trusties. So, dont worry if youre looking at this job description and feel like you dont meet all the requirements, wed still really like to hear from you!
LI-Hybrid LI-IA1

 About Trustpilot
At Trustpilot, were passionate about our mission to offer a free and open to all review platform, built on collaboration. For consumers, were a place to connect with and influence businesses. For companies, were a platform for progress; a way to improve and innovate by engaging and collaborating with consumers. 
Were driven by connection. Its at the heart of what we do. Our culture keeps things fresh  its built on the relationships we create. We talk, we laugh, we collaborate and we respect each other. We work across borders and cultures to be a tangible symbol of trust in an ever-changing world. With vibrant office locations all around the world and over 50 nationalities, were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace with diverse perspectives and ideas. 
Our purpose is a tall order, but we keep it real. Were a great bunch of humans, doing awesome stuff, without fuss or pretense. 
A successful Trustpilot future is driven by you  we give you the autonomy to shape a career you can be proud of. If youre ready to grow, lets go. 
Join us at the heart of trust.

Trustpilot is committed to creating an inclusive environment where people from all backgrounds can thrive and where different viewpoints and experiences  are valued and respected. Trustpilot will consider all applications for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, neurodiversity, disability, age, parental or veteran status. Together, we are the heart of trust.
Trustpilot is a global company and our data practices are designed to ensure that your personally identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that your personal information will be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in our Privacy Policy.