See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as Twilios next Senior Manager, Internal Audit.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
This position is needed to add to our growing Internal Audit organization. Twilio is seeking a Senior Manager, Internal Audit with both Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) compliance and internal auditing experience. The team is focused on process improvements through operational internal audits, including data analytics to help the business mature processes, allowing efficiency and scalability while maintaining internal controls to mitigate risks. Reporting to the VP of Internal Audit, this position will work closely with the internal audit team, our Dublin Accounting team, as well as other Twilio functional teams to identify process and systems gaps and areas of improvements. 
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Assist with SOX and IA risk assessments, scoping, internal audit plan development, identifying and documenting control deficiencies, impact and severity assessments
Lead and manage SOX compliance evaluation effort for assigned processes, including managing contractors, budgets, document requests, perform testing and review of testwork
Build relationships and collaborate across functional teams within Twilio to identify control deficiencies, process improvement opportunities for efficient, effective and scalable processes, utilizing industry best practices tailored to Twilio
Assist with developing and delivering meaningful data driven executive presentations, including Audit Committee presentations
Assist with process and control documentation and process improvement for new processes as we scale and expand

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

7 years experience in internal audits and SOX compliance
Bachelor degree in Accounting
Related certifications (ACA, ACCA, CPA, CFA, CIA, CISA or similar) 
Deep understanding of Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) requirements, US GAAP, internal auditing standards, COSO and risk assessment practices
Deep understanding of risk and internal control concepts and experience in applying them to plan, perform, manage and report on the evaluation of various business processesareasfunctions, including audit procedurestechniques
Demonstrated ability to analyze and use data to generate insights to inform decisions
Strong project management and problem solving in a creative and fast paced environment to drive results timely and on budget
Knowledge of IT general controls and IT application controls and performing an integrated audit
Excellent communication skills, ability to distill key takeaways quickly and presentation skills that allow effective interactions with business partners
Strong understanding of key business processes and respective risks and controls aligned with best practice
The ability to work independently and as a team, with limited required direction and guidance, and provide appropriate direction to other internal audit team members and management

Desired:

Big 4 or Tech industry experience

Location
This role will be remote, and based in Ireland.
Approximately 10 travel, including international travel, is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
 
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




