See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Technical Support Engineer - Phone Numbers
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
Twilio is growing rapidly and seeking Technical Support Engineers to join the Phone Numbers team, supporting our customers use of our Console platform, and helping customers manage their Twilio products, services, and accounts. You will function as the voice of Twilio to our customers and partners, and operate as a subject matter expert for Phone Numbers.
Were looking for someone who is excited in solving tough problems and enjoys helping others work through complex technical issues. Youre a strong communicator to both technical and non-technical audiences via phone or email and youre able to empathize with frustrated customers from all backgrounds. You enjoy collaborating with colleagues on your team, help them with the day to day challenges, and are able to contribute ideas on how to improve the teams work.
You should have a firm understanding of the technology stacks common to the Web ecosystem and experience in a telecom environment. Youve got strong time management skills, and are efficient at getting work done in a dynamic work environment while still following standard processes and procedures. 
Twilio operates a 24x7 support model so the ability to work weekends and holidays (as needed) may be required.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

WEAR THE CUSTOMERS SHOES: Use your strong technical and diplomatic skills to address customer issues and provide customer feedback to Twilios Product and Engineering teams.
Be ready to assist our customers when they need us. This position may require working an irregular shift, including the weekend (Shifts are subject to change based on evolving team and customer needs).
BE INCLUSIVE: Work with our customers and partners developers, architects, and support personnel to resolve complex problems with potentially very costly and far-reaching consequences.
BE AN OWNER: Collaborate with your teammates and the Twilio Product and Engineering teams via Slack as well as filing JIRAs to report reproducible bugs.
WRITE IT DOWN: Review and contribute to internal knowledge bases and external technical resources to stay current on industry shifts and standards.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
 
Required:

1-3 years of experience communicating complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences via phone or email mediums. (Previous telecom experience is preferred)  
Ability to address customer concerns and provide feedback in a friendly, diplomatic and empathetic way; you treat customer problems like your own.
Leverages customer feedback to identify and drive improvements.
Experience and interest in working cross functionally with Engineering, Product Management, and Sales, and sometimes with similar cross functional teams from partner organizations
Demonstrated desire to understand customer trends, and document and report those trends to continue to improve our support process
Experience with troubleshooting and resolving QoS (Quality of Service) issues, including escalations to third parties.
Proven advanced time management skills, with the ability to work well under pressure, and are proficient at developing workflows to remain efficient at tasks while still following standard processes and procedures.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Excellence in task prioritization and evaluation of situational urgency.

Desired:

Experience in handling escalations, working directly with users and Customer Success teams to solve problems.
Know how to route critical issues to the appropriate internal teams, ensuring timely response.
Report bugs to the Engineering  QA teams, as well as helping to prioritize fixes to ensure customer satisfaction.
Clearly communicate with customers and other internal teams about issues impacting their service.
Execute internal processes to streamline and scale support

Location 
This position can be based in our Bengaluru office.(No Travel Anticipated for this role.)




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




