See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as Twilios next Manager, GTM Field Enablement 
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
This person in this position will report directly to the Head of GTM Enablement working closely with their peers in the GTM Enablement organization as we continue to transform the business and state of Enablement. If you like adding value and seeing the direct impact of your work while thriving in highly dynamic environments and love rolling your sleeves up to get things done, this role is for you. This is a people leader role. 
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Partner with the Head of GTM Enablement to develop quarterly enablement plans and lead the Field Enablement Business Partners to execute the plans
Execute on a plan to establish and conduct Leadership Development programs
Customize and deliver content tailored by audience leveraging cutting edge enablement tools 
Help coach sellers to ensure skills are mastered   
Experience working independently and as part of a team, specifically coming with experience developing strong cross functional relationships
Provide thought leadership to the organization through contributions to knowledge bases, training sessions, knowledge development, weekly updates 
Maintain knowledge of Twilios competitors products, company direction, financial stability, etc  
Lead and develop team of GTM Field Enablement Business Partners

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

8 years of experience in Enterprise B2B Enablement or training in a high-tech environment. Prior sales experience is a plus
Prior experience leveraging enablement best practices, sales processes, sales coaching and sales methodologies.  
Training delivery and facilitation skills with experience delivering virtual instructor led sessions. 
Knowledge of LMS systems, enablement tools such as Gong, Highspot or other content management systems. 
Capable of leveraging adult learning theory to develop enablement programs, content and assets that enable just-in-time, on-demand learnings with measurable outcomes tied to business objectives
Experience delivering leadership development programs having certifications in coaching, leadership development programs andor sales methodologies 
Experience delivering leadership development programs having certifications in coaching, leadership development programs andor sales methodologies 

Desired:

Prior leadership experience though we are open to a first time leader

Location
This role will be remote but is not eligible to be hired in San Francisco, CA, Oakland, CA, San Jose, CA, or the surrounding areas.
Other Notes
Please note this role is open to candidates outside of Colorado, California, New York, and Washington. The information below is provided for candidates hired in those locations only.
The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows:

Based in Colorado: 120,160 - 150,200.
Based in New York, Washington State, or California (outside of the San Francisco Bay area): 127,280 - 159,100.
Based in the San Francisco Bay area, California: 141,360 - 176,700.
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.

The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state.
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.  So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




