See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as Twilios next Account Executive - Marketing Solutions
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
Twilio is growing rapidly and seeking the right person to play a key role in further growing the business. You will be responsible for pipe-generation, solution selling, and closing opportunities in marketing solutions with some of the most prominent and innovative companies in the APJ markets
At Twilio SendGrid were focused on developing and expanding our world-class, cloud-based customer engagement platform. Twilio SendGrid is a company that is empowering the worlds developers with modern communication in order to build better applications. Twilio SendGrid is a fast moving, lean company where every team member has a huge stake in the companys success.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Grow Marketing solution sales with a tight-knit team of resourceful and driven Account Executives
Engage with a wide range of prospects and customers to understand their business and technical requirements
Cultivate a deep understanding and expertise in Marketing platforms
Master complex cross-functional collaboration to enable Segment Account Executives and Solutions Engineers to help unlock the full potential of Marketing sales with high-growth companies
Balance inbound leads, cross sell Twilio Marketing solutions into the Twilio install base, and hunt for strategic Marketing target accounts
Create pricing proposals, negotiate terms and manage the contract process whilst building trust and mutual respect with customers and peers

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

5 years of selling experience and a proven track record of success, ideally selling software or SaaS solutions, experience in the Marketing AutomationSolutions, Email, or similar space
Able to bring a solution-oriented approach to selling with a deep understanding of the customer communication space
The ability to ruthlessly prioritize, manage numerous opportunities at the same time, and collaborate closely with peers
Enjoy selling to a Marketing audience and building mutual trust
World-class interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to be a trusted advisor and coach to both customers and internal teams around Marketing
Strong executive presence and quick critical thinking capabilities

Desired:

Understanding a wide array of selling motions from SMBGrowth  Mid Market  Enterprise sales
Ethical. Positive. Persistent. A team player who gets things done.
Bilingual and Nativebusiness-level proficiency in Japanese is desired for this role.

Location 
This role can be based remotely in SingaporeAustraliaJapan
Approximately 30 travelling is anticipated
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
 




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




