See yourself at Twilio
 
Join the team as Twilios next Employment Counsel for the Americas region.
 
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
 
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
 
This position is needed to provide exceptional employment law support to our People Team, the business, and other stakeholders across North America and Latin America as we continue to scale.
 
Were seeking a versatile Employment Counsel to join our incredible global Employment Legal Team.  This role will be responsible for providing practical daily legal advice on a full range of employment issues across the Americas region.
 
This position will be based in the U.S.   
 
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Provide practical daily employment law advice on a full range of employment issues relating to recruiting, hiring, training, performance management, conduct issues, compensation, benefits, reorganizations, and terminations across multiple jurisdictions in the Americas;
Manage all aspects of employment disputes, including risk assessment and development of litigation defense strategies, effective management of external legal counsel, working cross-functionally to manage e-discovery issues, fact-finding and analysis, witness preparation, depositions, case management conferences, motion practice, and arbitration or trial preparation and presentation;
Oversee the work of external counsel on litigation matters and requests for discrete advice and project work, as needed;
Provide support on compliance, internal investigations, audits, pre-dispute conflicts and related matters;
Manage multiple internal relationships with internal stakeholders in the Americas including People, Legal, and business functions;
Proactively draft and review policies and processes to ensure legal compliance and consistency with best practices; and 
Work with investigative teams to ensure thorough, complete, and privileged investigations of employment-related matters, and provide employment law advice and guidance. 

 
Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
 
Required:

Be a member in good standing with a state bar and hold a Juris Doctor degree from an accredited law school;
12 years of employment law experience at a leading law firm and in-house legal department, with demonstrated employment counseling experience (in-house experience is required); 
Experience working on multi-jurisdictional employment matters, including within California;
Experience managing litigation, appeals tribunals, agency investigations, and  or negotiating separation agreements; and
Strong organization and project management skills with the ability to work well on both long and short-term projects.

 
Desired:

Experience advising on U.S. employee data privacy issues;
Experience advising clients on employment laws in Canada, Brazil, and Colombia, with or without assistance from local counsel.

 
Location

This role will be remote based in the U.S.
This role will be remote but is not eligible to be hired in San Francisco, CA, Oakland, CA, San Jose, CA, or the surrounding areas.


Other Notes
 
Please note this role is open to candidates outside of Colorado, California, New York, and Washington. The information below is provided for candidates hired in those locations only.
 
The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows:

Based in Colorado: 176,080.00 - 220,100.00.
Based in New York, Washington State, or California (outside of the San Francisco Bay area): 186,480.00 - 233,100.00.
Based in the San Francisco Bay area, California: 207,120.00-258,900.00
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.

 
The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. 
 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
 
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




