See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Senior Java Developer, for Notifications team.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
 
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed to help build up the core platform for one of the most strategically important products in Twilio.
Our team is responsible for Notifications service, which supports multiple customers along with other Twilio products by sending push notifications to different types of devices. Besides the challenge of continuously enriching our solution with new and exciting features, there is also the need to scale and care for our ever growing customer base - expected to increase exponentially during these next years. 
 
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Contribute to designing and building of Services and Tools
Work with Product on defining requirements, and working to provide estimations, based on collaboratively defined requirements. 
Participate in Product Backlog grooming and estimation processes
Contribute to design and feature ideas and betterments to the backlog
Automate manual processes and develop tools (in accordance with Rules of Engagement) to avoid repetitive work
Write unit, integration, cluster and end-to-end tests to achieve high levels of code coverage and detect defects early
Deploy code to the cloud; maintain operational excellence through Runbooks  Metrics
Break down large epics, lead grooming, and work to ensure larger goals are delivered on time.
Mentor junior engineers 

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
 
Required:

4-8 years of experience with building, maintaining and scaling backend services in Java.
Experience with technologies like EC2, DynamoDB, OpenSearch, Redis, and Kafka.
Prior exposure to service-oriented architectures, microservices and REST APIs.
Experience with designing and operating reliable, scalable systems.
Schedule: ability to work non-standard, on-call rotation weekend and holiday hours.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field, or equivalent training, fellowship, or work experience. 
Strong Oral and written communication skills: be prepared to frequently propose and discuss ideas and implementation with your teammates, as well as involving other stakeholders in Twilio - were one single team, no one flies solo! 
Curious mindset - were not looking for someone with all the answers, but rather someone who is prepared to grow with us. 
 

Desired:

Prior knowledge and experience with Dropwizard or Spring Boot applications.
Observability tooling (Prometheus, Datadog, Rollbar).
Experience participating in development for large scale services.

 
Location
This role will be based in our Tallinn, Estonia office or remotely in Estonia.
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
 
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




