See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Senior Strategic Account Executive - ISV.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, were on a journey to becoming a globally antiracist company that supports diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed to support the management and growth of our messaging business with Independent Software Vendor (ISV) in North America. In this role, you will be directly responsible for the success of Twilios messaging business in the ISV segment in North America - supporting the development and growth of existing customers, as well as driving new business processes for prospective customers. Twilio supports some of the largest and fastest growing ISVs in the US and Canada, spanning industries such marketing, business automation, and customer care. Account Executives on the ISV Sales  team are experts in the messaging, voice and email space and Twilios offerings - and act as key members of our go-to-market teams in developing and optimizing business critical customer engagement use cases with Twilio messaging solutions. This role is highly cross functional, with deep integration with product management, carrier relations, finance, and our go-to-market sales and services teams.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Cultivate the continued growth of key messaging, voice and email use cases by our strategic ISV customers on the Twilio platform. 
Own highly analytical and consultative sales cycles to retain business in competitive vendor sourcing cycles, expand business into new use cases, and win new ISV messaging customers to the Twilio platform
Partner cross functionally with services, product, and finance to develop long range account plans. 
Act as the voice of the customer to Twilios products t and carrier relations teams.  
Be an active expert in the communications space - staying abreast of key industry initiatives and new capabilities - on behalf of your customers and the wider Twilio go-to-market organization. 

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

5-8 years of combined experience in major account or strategic sales, managing or leading quantitative, highly analytical products or solutions for their customers. 
Comfortable working with business and highly technical leaders, while influencing their understanding and building supportive partnerships
Analytical account development strategy based on using data to find opportunities and prove value
Demonstrated track record of managing business forecasts and financial models 
Entrepreneurial mindset with appetite to define process and build programs
Record of delivering market driven results, especially to scale and enterprise customers
Excellent verbal and written communication skills (English)
Bachelors Degree or equivalent years of experience
Able to operate as part of a team, in a overlay sales capacity

Desired:

Deep experience working with telecom companies, including SMS aggregators, carriers, or global communications platforms
Domain expertise from a highly quantitative industry such as advertising optimization, investment banking, security or commodity trading especially in non-standard segments
Software, SaaS, CPaas or PaaS experience

Location 
This role may be remote, and based in the USA.
Approximately 25 travel is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
Please note this role is open to candidates outside of Colorado, California, New York, and Washington. The information below is provided for candidates hired in those locations only.
The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows:

Based in Colorado: 144,720- 180,900.
Based in New York, Washington State, or the San Francisco Bay area, California: 160,800 - 201,000.
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.
This role is eligible to earn commissions. 

The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state.






Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.










Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




