See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Senior IT Internal Auditor 
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
This position is needed to support the Twilio SOX program and operational internal audits. We are looking for an individual excited to bring their strong IT, IT SOX, and IT internal audit skills to a collaborative team-based working environment in a fast growing company.
Twilio is growing rapidly and seeking a motivated and qualified individual to join the Internal Audit team as a Senior IT Internal Auditor. Successful candidates have a demonstrated track record of supporting internal audit and SOX engagements focused on information technology and platforms. The team is focused on process improvements through not only its SOX program but also operational internal audits, including data analytics to help the business mature systems and processes, increasing efficiency and scalability while maintaining internal controls to mitigate risks. Reporting to the IT Internal Audit Manager, this position will work closely with internal audit teams and other Twilio functional teams to support SOX and other audit related activities.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Participate in internal audit and SOX risk assessment, planning and audit scope development
Assist with process and control documentation, process improvement for new productssystemsprocesses as we scale and expand
Manage and perform internal control testing related IT internal audits and SOX
Prepare working papers to document control testing and IT audit procedures performed
Collaborate with business partners, develop practical, innovative and feasible recommendations to remediate internal audit and SOX findings and improve systems and processes
Guide and review the work performed by other internal audit personnel, including co-sourced firms
Complete certain external audit assistance assignments of internal control and SOX testing accurately, completely and in a timely manner

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

3 years of experience (Big 4 experience is a plus) and strong understanding and experience with Sarbanes Oxley 404 (SOX) requirements, IT general controls, IT application controls, SOC audits and other IT related audits
Excellent project manager in a creative and fast paced environment to drive results timely and on budget, and ability to work independently and as a part of a team, including managing contractors
Understanding of risk and internal control concepts, risk assessment, auditing standards, COSO, COBIT and experience in applying them to plan, perform, manage and report on the evaluation of various business processesareasfunctions
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with ability to work with cross-functional teams
Ability to perform control deficiency impact and severity assessments
Develop practical, innovative and feasible recommendations to remediate internal audit and SOX findings
Ability to take charge, confidence to interact with all levels, set objectives, drive results and be a team player, excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to work with teams cross-functionally

Desired:

Experience with ERP systems, Okta, Workday, Oracle, ServiceNow, and home-grown applications is preferred
Professional certification (CISA, CIA, CISM, CISSP, etc.) highly preferred 
Experience performing data analytics with software and tools (such as Tableau) is a plus

Location This role is remote and is not eligible for hire in San Francisco, Oakland or San Jose, CA, Connecticut, New Jersey, New York, Washington, Pennsylvania or the surrounding areas.
Approximately 5 travel is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
 
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
 
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
 
The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows:


Based in Colorado: 82,080.00-102,600.00


Based in New York, Washington State or California (outside the San Francisco Bay Area): 86,880.00-108,600.00


The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. This role is also eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan and for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




