See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Staff Product Manager. 
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed to play a pivotal role in shaping, defining and executing our product vision and strategy.  You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including engineering, design, and GTM to bring to life groundbreaking solutions that will shape the future of the international supply domain.  You will lead the ideation, development, and launch of high-impact products, while also mentoring and guiding a team of product managers.  
Specifically, this role will lead the international supply route registry product for Business Communication.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Develop, communicate, generate excitement for and obtain buy-in of the product vision, strategy, and roadmap.
Partner with cross functional peers to drive product planning, design, execution, and delivery of product investments against defined success metrics.
Partner with BD team on business development opportunities via alliances, partnerships, acquisitions and marketplaces.
Conduct regular data-driven business reviews that analyze product execution and revenuemarket accomplishments.
Continuously shape new global messaging supply strategies with our GTM team to effectively control and manage a highly volatile environment
Lead supporting product managers to ensure ecosystem is performing optimally at all times.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

Bachelors degree in relevant domain; MBA or advanced degree preferred.
6 years of experience in product management, with a focus on messaging and CPAAS.
Proven track record of leading successful product launches and driving product strategies.
Exceptional analytical skills with the ability to synthesize complex information into actionable insights.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to influence and collaborate at all levels.
Use of quantitative and qualitative data to make product decisions, get executive buy-in, and drive towards measurable team, product, and financial performance.
Initiative, ownership, and accountability to decode vague priorities, manage conflicting tasks and provide the day-to-day blocking and tackling against ambiguous and complex challenges. 
The ability to collaborate and influence effectively across cross-functional teams.
The demeanor and maturity to present complex business and technical concepts, trade offs, and difficulties to internal and external audiences up to C-level executives and to know when and how to assert opposing viewpoints when necessary.

Desired:

 A strong balance of business acumen, technical insight, and user-centered design skills to make the right tradeoffs for optimizing costs, quality, and business value while standing up for your customers needs.
Strong understanding of the global messaging industry, trends, technologies and market dynamics.
Proficiency in agile development methodologies.
Results-oriented mindset with demonstrated ability to meet or exceed goals.
Experience with messaging supply chain operations.

Location 
This role will be based in our Tallinn office if you prefer to work in-office, or it can be done remotely from Tallinn or anywhere in Estonia.
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




