See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Senior Manager, Strategic Sourcing
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
You will be collaborative, but also work with significant autonomy. To be successful in this role you will be highly analytical; think strategically and globally; exhibit curiosity; have a sense of urgency to meet customer timelines, succeed in a fast-paced environment; and have a high level of customer focus and business judgement. This leader lives the Twilio Magic and has a demonstrated track record managing large-scale supply chain and procurement improvement projects. This role is high visibility and will interact with various senior leaders in the company. The ideal candidate for this role has a history of delivering results, has executive presence, is proactive, can influence stakeholders, and simply gets things done. 
 
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:
As the Senior Strategic Sourcing Manager, you will be responsible for conducting category spend analyses and reporting, supplier stratification, understanding supply market, owning deals from source to contract, and negotiating complex deals with high visibility. In addition:
 

Developing plan on cost savings strategy for technology services and products  primarily focusing on sourcing and qualification of third-party cloud, SaaS, data center, and related service providers and cloud management tools. 
Partnering with stakeholders to fully understand business roadmaps and creating sourcing pipeline  developing supplier strategy  plan for your categories.
Gaining understanding of industry trends to make educated recommendations about pricing, competition, supplier optimization, and market compression.
Leading the negotiation of contracts with new suppliers andor the renegotiation of existing contracts to accomplish lowest total cost of ownership and meet savings objectives.
Optimizing and bringing in efficiencies in source-to-contract process through standardization of commodity code structure.
Continuously measuring, managing and improving supplier actual performance against negotiated SLA.
Driving request for information (RFI) and request for proposals (RFP) with vendors, overseeing review of the proposals with business, compliance, security and legal teams and managing the entire bid to business award to contract execution process.
Managing and influencing internal stakeholders to make the best business decisions that optimize value and cost.
Quickly adapt and support other categories as needed such as professional services, HR and benefits, real estate and workplace, and legal services. 
Deliver on complex S2P improvement projects or other improvement projects.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. We encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
 
Required:

Masters Degree andor Bachelors in Business, Supply Chain, Finance, Industrial Engineering andor Operations.
8 years experience in a senior procurement role, practicing best-in-class procurement processes .
Experience in hosted infrastructure categories  private  public cloud, complex SaaS, and building category strategies, strong execution, and deliver hard year over year savings. Knowledge of hardware and datacenter categories a plus.
Proven record of measuring KPIs, developing scorecards, reports, and driving Quarterly business review (QBR) process to monitor sourcing and supplier performance.
Strong quantitative, financial and analytical skills paired with hands-on knowledge of Excel, excellent attention to detail, and good business judgment.
Superior negotiation skills, developed through significant technology sourcing hands-on experience
Experience leveraging Oracle, and Oracle procurement  ERP systems, Tableau, or other analytics tools for vendor spend management.
History of taking total ownership, initiativeproactiveness, and executing on time and under pressure.


Location 
This role will be remote but is not eligible to be hired in San Francisco, CA, Oakland, CA, San Jose, CA, or the surrounding areas.
 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
 
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
 
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
(Location dependent information)
 
Please note this role is open to candidates outside of Colorado as well. The information below is provided for those hired in Colorado only.
 
If you are a Colorado applicant:

The estimated pay range for this role, based in Colorado, is 120,160.00- 150,2000.00
Based in New York, Washington State or California (outside the San Francisco Bay Area): 127,280.00-159,100.00
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.

 




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




