See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Senior Accountant, Revenue Accounting
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed to work on all aspects of the revenue accounting process and ensure accurate and complete financial information related to revenue.  You will collaborate with various business partners in Sales, Deal Desk, FPA and Billing, among others.  This is a great role for someone excited and passionate about revenue accounting and contributing to the success of the team and company. Reporting to the Manager of Revenue Accounting, youll join a supportive team excited to help you succeed.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Lead parts of the revenue accounting close process driving timely and accurate reporting of revenue on a monthly basis 
Understand the Company product offerings, routes to market implications on revenue recognition
 Liaise with various business partners upstream in the sales cycle to influence accuracy and efficiency in the revenue accounting process
Support reporting with new business units
Identify, facilitate and drive improvements of processes to increase internal efficiencies
Lead automation efforts within the team and business partners to drive efficiency initiatives within the quote to cash business cycle

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

Curiosity, determination, grit, and internal motivation to solve problems
Strong experience with Microsoft Word  Excel; Google Suite experience, Oracle  Zuora experience a strong plus 
Able to communicate clearly in writing and verbally to multiple levels within the organization as well as to external auditors
Revenue Accounting experience with a working knowledge of ASC606 
A proven track record of cross-functional management of multiple projects concurrently with strong business acumen with the ability to drive projects to closure

Desired:

Bachelors or Masters Degree in Accounting, CPA 
2 years in public accounting preferred and 2 years in corporate revenue accounting

Location 
This role will be remote but is not eligible to be hired in San Francisco, CA, Oakland, CA, San Jose, CA, or the surrounding areas. 
Approximately 0 travel is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows:

Based in Colorado: 82,000 - 102,000
Based in New York, Washington State or California (outside the San Francisco Bay Area): 86,000 - 108,000
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.

The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. 




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




