See yourself at Twilio.
Join the team as our next Staff Engineer (Full Stack), Platform Extensibility  Ecosystem.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed to create high-quality, modern solutions to complex engineering problems and help define the future of Customer Data Platforms. Our mission is to help businesses unlock customer insights and make better decisions faster and cheaper by creating a suite of industry-leading storage and compute services.
In this role, you will be responsible for designing and building a suite of platforms and services that form the basis of a Customer Data Platform capable of handling billions of events in near-realtime Youll also be responsible for mentoring, sharing knowledge, and guiding the technical decisions of the team to set us up for long-term success, both as a product and as a team.
More about the CDP products: 

https:segment.comdocsconnectionsdestinations
https:segment.comdocsconnectionsdestinationsactions
https:segment.comblogintroducing-functions
https:segment.comdocsconnectionssourcesabout-cloud-sources

Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Design and build the next generation of platform services to ingest, store, process billions of customer defined entities
Build highly scalable and robust Integrations for our customers
Collaborate with peers, design and product cross functional partners, and internal stakeholders to turn business goals into achievable technical roadmaps
Drive operational excellence, maintaining robust uptime and enabling continuous delivery
Set a high standard for data quality, consistency, and compliance
Be an empathetic leader by mentoring and supporting teammates
Participate in an on-call rotation to support our business-critical infrastructure

Qualifications
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications makes for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required

8 years experience writing production-grade code using tech stack including JavascriptTypescript, NodeJS, GraphQL and relational databases.
Experience building delightful UI products using React (or similar frameworks)
Previous experience in NodeJS is highly beneficial, with a willingness to learn and apply new technologies as needed. 
Hands on experience with cloud technologies such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) or Google Compute Platform (GCP)
Experience with container orchestration frameworks (e.g. Kubernetes, ECS, Docker)
Good understanding of architectural patterns of high-scale web and event driven applications (e.g., well-designed APIs, high volume data pipelines, efficient algorithms)
Experience taking challenging projects across the finish line, from gathering requirements to deploying and debugging systems in production
Comfortable asking questions and taking initiative to solve problems in a rapidly growing company, where it is often necessary to draw the owl
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Lead, manage, and inspire a small team of software engineers
Experience with Golang is a plus

Location
This role will be remote and based in India.
What we offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including things like competitive pay, generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values—something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




