See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Senior International Payroll Analyst
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
This position is needed to support global payroll operations.The person in this role will either deliver first in class payroll service to our employees, ensure compliance,accuracy and timely delivery of payroll related tasks and support projects across a number of jurisdictions.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Skillfully handle payroll processing for employees in Colombia, ensuring accuracy and compliance with local regulations.
Participate in special projects and initiatives related to payroll and employee benefits specific to the Colombian workforce
After receiving proper training, contribute to the payroll processing for employees in various countries, maintaining accuracy and compliance.
Handle payroll elements specific to Colombia, such as housing allowance and income tax withholdings, ensuring precise calculations and compliance with local laws
Ensure timely payments of AFC and AVP and stay updated on SENA regulations.
Work closely with the payroll vendor to ensure all payroll-related transactions are collected, processed, and reported accurately and in a timely manner.
Support the accounting team by assisting in the preparation of payroll journals and accruals, and conduct research to resolve inquiries related to payroll general ledger balances.
Build and nurture relationships with key stakeholders within the organization, offering support and input when necessary, particularly in matters related to payroll.
Serve as the main point of contact for employees in Colombia and other designated payrolls, addressing their queries and concerns related to payroll.
Continuously identify opportunities for process improvement within the payroll function and implement enhancements to ensure efficiency and accuracy.
Ensure a high-quality employee experience by assisting with payroll onboarding, addressing ad-hoc queries, and managing the annual tax reporting process effectively.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

4yrs of experience managing payroll processing for Colombia with working experience inaccounting
Experience with processing equity transactions
Bachelors degree in Finance or another relevant field or equivalent work experience
High attention to detail
Discipline and ability to meet tight deadlines, and prioritize competing workloads
Excellent written, and verbal communication skills in English
Very strong analytical and problem-solving skills while keeping customer experience top of mind
Experience in Workday, Immedis, or similar global payroll platforms
Experience with ServiceNow or similar ticketing systems
 

Desired:

Experience in payrolls in jurisdictions outside Colombia a plus

Location 
This role will be based in our Bogota, Colombia office. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




