See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Senior Product Manager on Twilios Phone Numbers product team.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
Twilio is growing rapidly and is looking for a highly skilled and motivated Product Manager to join the Phone Numbers team. You will own designing, implementing, and validating phone number supply chain products that drive efficiencies and provide scaling to internal teams and external partners. In collaboration with cross-functional business and engineering teams, you will be required to dive deep business requirements and translate these requirements into user stories. You will be able to break down or innovate on the legacy systems. You will support creating workable technical solutions for unique problems. In this fast-paced environment, you should be comfortable working in ambiguous situations with minimal supervision while contributing to innovative solutions that demonstrate technical competence and business acumen. As a leader, you will make daily trade-off decisions between cost, schedule, and technical solutions. You will need to be analytical and data driven from design to release by validating customer requirements as well as measuring the product success. You will work with cross-disciplinary teams solving complex problems for internal and external partners.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Own the roadmap for optimizing Twilios products for International markets across the portfolio. Be able to communicate both the business and technical rationale behind your product decisions.
Create the international personas for the product team, understand the customer journeys, and identify opportunities to level up customer satisfaction
Work with globally distributed teams in sales, marketing, product, support, and business intelligence. Make sure we are hearing from a diverse set of stakeholders and customers.
Interview and engage directly with international customers and international sales opportunities
Create the reports and presentations that can effectively communicate customer requirements and opportunities at all levels of the organization

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

5 years of experience in product or program management, product marketing, business development or technology
Experience with end to end product delivery
Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and definition
Experience with feature delivery and tradeoffs of a product
Experience contributing to engineering discussions around technology decisions and strategy related to a product
Superior communication skills verbally and in writing are a must-have, inclusive being comfortable presenting to new and existing customers.

Desired:

Technically savvy and experience with the cloud, APIs, communications, enterprise software, devices, and mobility is a plus.

Location 
This role will be remote and based in Colombia.
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




