See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as Twilios next Compliance Manager, Carrier Relations, North America.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
If you are someone who likes doing the same type of work every day, then this role is not for you. The Twilio Compliance team plays the critical role of bridging the Carrier Relations team with a broad set of internal teams and stakeholders. We are responsible for disseminating the wireless carriers policies and rules, as well as the industry Best Practices to the broader Twilio organization. We are a results driven organization, who is looking for a dynamic, thoughtful communicator who enjoys solving rules based problems. 
This role is a critical part of Twilios compliance first approach to our messaging business. Having a dedicated  compliance leader responsible for addressing the day-to-day compliance needs of Twilios Account Executives, Solution Engineers, and Support team provides customers with the expertise they need to develop and grow compliant messaging businesses in North America. 
 The right candidate for this role will be able to collaborate effectively across internal teams, including Operations, Customer Support, SalesGo-to-Market, Product, Legal, and others, to provide customers the information and support needed to maintain compliance in a dynamic and nuanced policy environment.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Partner with Carrier Relations to support the implementation of carrier Policies and Best Practices across Twilios varied businesses
Collaborate with the Carrier Relations team to advocate for customers with North American Carriers
Build trusted relationships within Twilio to support compliance initiatives across the organization
Develop processes to connect varied internal Twilio teams with Carrier Relations to engage with the North American carriers about policies and best practices
Partner with the Operations team to support compliance enforcement and advise on complex compliance matters
Own the process to update and maintain the North American carrier compliance policy documentation utilized by internal Twilio teams
Work closely with Compliance Operations to support uniform compliance enforcement policies and practices 
Act as primary point of contact for customer compliance escalations, be the voice of the carriers with the front line
Participate in all North American Carrier Relations meetings with carriers
Support the development of internal and external compliance materials including: interactive educational trainings, customer reference guides, customer trainings, and specific materials for high value customers 
Develop processes and documentation to address customer compliance questions about campaign rejections (Short Code, 10DLC, Toll-Free)
Support executive compliance escalations through to resolution
Support ongoing Compliance initiatives across Twilio in partnership with Carrier Relations, Operations, Product, Support, Legal, Regulatory Affairs, and Sales
Document compliance issue trends to support Carrier Relations QBR with the North American Carriers

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrated ability to manage complex projects across multiple facets of an organization
5 years of experience in the North American A2P messaging industry
Thorough understanding of the North American messaging industry processes for A2P messaging including: U.S.10DLC programs, U.S.  Canadian Short Code program, and U.S.  Canadian Toll-Free program
Working understanding of the Wireless industry compliance guidelines, including CTIA  CTA Messaging Principles and Best Practices, CTIA  CTA Short Code Audit Handbook, and carrier-specific requirements
Experience working with customers to address and remediate compliance issues
Experience implementing industry policies and best practices in a regulated industry
Experience communicating to customers difficult or business impacting information
Demonstrated track record of driving results across cross-functional teams
You enjoy working with customers to resolve problems 
You are a curious, collaborative, strategic thinker who thrives in high-functioning teams.
You have a collaborative mindset and can work with distributed cross-functional teams.
Demonstrable outside the box problem solving skills
Comfortable managing escalations through to resolution in constrained timelines
Demonstrated ability to manage multiple work streams with competing priorities
Excellent organizational skills
Proactive approach to problem solving

Desired:

Experience communicating directly with North American wireless carriers
BABS preferred but not required

Location 
This role will be remote and based in the U.S.
 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows:

Based in Colorado: 83,000-103,000
Based in New York, Washington State or California : 87,000-109,000
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.

The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. 
 




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




