See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Product Designer for Onboarding and Compliance.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed to design customer experiences focusing on onboarding and compliance. Youll own critical design projects end-to-end while collaborating with multidisciplinary teams to discover, define, and design lovable products for customers. The ideal candidate will be a vocal and committed advocate for our customers, takes a holistic, human-centered approach to design, and is a supporter of our inclusive Design System. You will work alongside product designers, product managers, engineering partners, and our customers.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Define, design, review, test and specify interfaces, components, systems, frameworks and tools for developer and customer experiences. 
Articulate the customer problem and success metrics, and gain alignment with stakeholders on your approach to testing, learning, and iterating on a solution.
Collaborate with our product partners to understand customer needs, design products and workflows to unlock their potential.
Partner with Tech Leads and Product Managers to align on scope. Break down complex problems into manageable parts, and articulate the impact of each part.
Collaborate with other Product Designers, providing constructive, and motivating feedback that helps improve their skills, and the outcome of their work. Actively participate in design critiques to ensure consistency across Twilio products. Advocate for more efficient processes and higher standards across the UX organization.
Remain open, transparent, and inclusive while sharing work at various stages of the process, proactively inviting diverse (and potentially contrary) inputs in your design process, and  remaining humble while asking for and providing useful and constructive feedback to peers of all levels.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
 
Required:

Has a proven user-centered design workflow that comprises: research, design, prototyping, presentation, sharing and soliciting feedback, user testing, influencing key decision making, and collaborative handoffs with developers.
Ships high-quality user interfaces and flows in a systematic, detail-oriented way. Ensures the coded implementations are consistent with designs.
Can share a portfolio with clean, usable, straightforward, and lovable designs that demonstrates technical product thinking, and a strong understanding of user-centered design methodologies.
Has a demonstrated advocacy for design and research methodologies, and has experience running quantitative and qualitative research, such as usability testing, analysis, and interviews.
Holds a passion for feedback and the ability to provide useful and constructive feedback to peers of all levels, as well as invite and receive it.
Strong communication, facilitation, and presentation skills.
Has experience designing and evolving complex application software in a fast-past environment.

Desired:

Has 4 years of industry experience and a related degree or equivalent experience in software interface design andor development. Bachelors or Masters in the field of Human Computer Interaction or Design is a nice to have.
Experience at a SaaS software company serving B2B customers.

Location 
This role will be remote, and based in Colombia.
Approximately 5 travel is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




