See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Staff Software Engineer - Edge Proxy
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed to help us build the next generation of Edge Proxy at Twilio.
At Twilios Edge Proxy team, we manage a high-availability, low-latency proxy that processes Twilios inbound REST API traffic  over 10 billion API requests a week  with exceptionally high uptime, availability, and success rates.  We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer to help create a system that will enable teams to build developer friendly, scalable, and resilient APIs without friction.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Design, build, and maintain massively scalable, highly reliable and resilient Java services in a fast growing and engineering focused company
Design and build scalable and segregated infrastructure deployment systems using Terraform, AWS, and Docker
Lead incident troubleshooting, remediation, and prevention efforts
Provide technical leadership by promoting best practices, driving innovation, and designing multi-organizational processes and systems
Collaborate with teams, leaders, and stakeholders across organizations to architect systems and achieve business goals
Cultivate a culture of ownership and growth by mentoring engineers and sharing technical expertise

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

8 years experience in software engineering, working on distributed systems at scale
Prior experience with RESTful API design and development
Prior experience supporting mission critical production applications using observability metrics and tools (such as DataDog)
Prior experience leading the technical decision making process including an ability to prioritize effectively and bring stakeholders together
Prior experience developing in a CICD environment using tools such as Build Kite, Jenkins, Travis CI, or others
Strong verbal and written communication skills

Desired:

Experience with Cloud Technologies, especially AWS
Knowledge of Terraform, or other infrastructure as code framework
Experience using Docker containers in production environments
Experience mentoring other engineers through increased responsibility and scope

 
Location 
This role is remote and is not eligible for hire in San Francisco, Oakland or San Jose, CA, Connecticut, New Jersey, New York, Washington, Pennsylvania or the surrounding areas.
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
 
Please note this role is open to candidates outside of Colorado, California, New York, and Washington. The information below is provided for candidates hired in those locations only.
The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows:

Based in Colorado: 160,080.00- 200,100.00.
Based in New York, Washington State or California (outside the San Francisco Bay Area): 169,520.00 - 211,900.00.
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.

The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. 




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




