See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as Twilios next Senior Internal Auditor.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
This position is needed to to join our Internal Audit (IA) organization as we scale for current and future growth and carry out the overall IA mission. We strive for an effective and efficient control environment and are looking for a Senior Internal Auditor excited to bring their strong internal audit and SOX knowledge and skills to a highly collaborative environment in a fast growing company.   
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Complete assigned SOX and IA tasks on time and on budget with ability to prioritize multiple projects
Document process flows, process walkthroughs and testing workpapers
Evaluate control effectiveness results, document deficiencies and remediation plans
Write reports and develop concise and effective presentations that provide insight
Build relationships and collaborate across functional teams within Twilio to identify control deficiencies, process improvement opportunities for efficient, effective and scalable processes, utilizing industry best practices tailored to Twilio

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

4 years experience in SOX, internal audit and data analytics (Big-4 or Tech industry)
Bachelor degree in Accounting or related field
Deep understanding of Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) requirements, internal auditing standards, accounting, COSO and risk assessment practices
Ability to execute internal audits, including planning, identifying risks and controls, developing audit procedurestechniques and writing reports
Experience in conducting an integrated audit with a general understanding of IT general controls and IT application controls
Strong project and time management and experience in performing multiple projects and working with varying team members in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment
Ability to work independently and as a team, with limited required direction and guidance, and provide appropriate direction to other internal audit project team members
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, to effectively present to peers and management

Desired:

ACA, ACCA, CIMA, CA, CPA, CIA designation 

Location
This role will be remote, based in Ireland.
Approximately 10 travel, including international travel, is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
 
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
 
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




