See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Technical Writer on the Twilio Flex Documentation team. 
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
 
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed to create and update technical documentation for Twilio Flex. 
Twilio Flex is growing rapidly and seeking an energetic Technical Writer to join our Documentation team, with an aim toward creating world-class documentation. This person will assist in all aspects of the documentation process, including ideation, development, and maintenance. Reporting to the Flex Documentation Manager, this role is critical in supporting Twilio Flexs growth through enabling our customers to onboard as efficiently as possible.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Distill information from multiple sources to produce concise, accurate, and timely documentation.
Become an expert on the products and features you document.
Transform complex features and requirements into understandable technical prose.
Identify areas of improvement within existing documentation processes and content.
Lead peer reviews of content, ensure the work you produce meets the right standard. Own documentation for one or more areas within the product.
Be an advocate for the Documentation team, use your skills to help other employees produce great documentation, and help our customers become successful users of the platform.
Ensure docs are delivered on time and accurately.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
 
Required:

3 years experience in a Technical Writing role documenting enterprise Saas products.
Very strong attention to detail.
Curiosity about their subject matter, allowing you to go deep on a specific topic, and cover a broad subject area.
Experience collaborating with a variety of stakeholders, including product managers, software engineers, and technical support engineers.
Experience writing API documentation or working with APIs.  

Desired:

Ability to read, write, and understand Javascript, HTML, and CSS.
Experience working in a docs-as-code environment.
Interest in content design, accessibility, or user experience. 

 
Location 
This role is remote and is not eligible for hire in San Francisco, Oakland or San Jose, CA, Connecticut, New Jersey, New York, Washington, Pennsylvania or the surrounding areas.
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
 
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
Please note this role is open to candidates outside of Colorado. The information below is provided for candidates hired in those locations only.
The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows:

Based in Colorado: 74,560.00 - 93,200.00.
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.

The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. 




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




