See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Director of Product on Twilios Messaging product team
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
This position is needed to craft and deliver on the vision, strategy, and roadmap for Twilios Messaging product.
Twilio is looking for a Director of Product to join the Messaging product team of our Communications business unit. You will understand the needs of our Communications Platform customers and build products that solve that need at global scale. Leading a team of product managers and working with engineering counterparts, you will craft and deliver on the vision, strategy, and roadmap for Messaging at Twilio.
This role  will work cross-functionally with teams across Twilio to understand access patterns and scale requirements. This role will help take our Communications Platform to the next level of growth, while working with some of the worlds leading organizations.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Be the voice of the customer in every conversation and decision, and ensure we build world class products that our customers love and value.
Drive the strategic direction and coordinate efforts around the Developer Experience for our APIs
Collaborate cross-functionally to ensure alignment on the best strategic direction and market opportunities to tackle first, and liaising between Go-to-market (GTM,) Legal, Security and Marketing.
Manage a team of senior product managers 
Work directly with an incredibly talented team of senior engineers and product leads to help ship products that help create amazing customer 
Build a company defining product-offering from the infrastructure layer up, and lead a critical new initiative for Twilio.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

Minimum of 10 years of Product Management or related experience building customer-facing cloud products for businesses or developers.
Experience with highly technical, multi-workstream product launches; distributed systems experience a plus
You can translate between the technical details, customer problems, and business impact of the teams work.
You are a strong communicator. From pitching our leadership team on what customers need to see from our products, to spec-ing a feature with a partner, youre able to thoughtfully and clearly explain fundamental reasons behind your decisions. 
You are organized and comfortable working with exec-level stakeholders and drive deep customer relationships.
You can build highly leveraged products that can be used as the cornerstone for customers and internal teams alike.
Youre not shy about diving in deep with engineering, security, or the customer.
You can run a tight ship, prioritizing a robust stream of work into cohesive, incremental releases
Bachelor in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent practical experience required.

Desired:

Experience building productsservices related to APIs, developer experience
Experience working with direct sales, marketing, and defining pricingpackaging

Location 
This role will be remote, and based in the USA.
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
 
Please note this role is open to candidates outside of Colorado, California, New York, and Washington. The information below is provided for candidates hired in those locations only.
The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows:

Based in Colorado: 193,760 - 242,200.
Based in New York, Washington State or California (outside the San Francisco Bay Area): 205,200 - 256,500.
Based in the San Francisco Bay area, California: 227,920 - 284,900.
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.

The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. 




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




