See yourself at Twilio
Join the Verification team as a Staff Product Manager. 
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
This position is needed to craft and deliver on the vision, strategy, and roadmap for Twilios Verification product.
Twilio is looking for a Product Manager to join the Verification product team of our Communications business unit. You will understand the needs of our customers for user verificationauthentication and build products that solve that need at global scale. Working side by side with other product managers and engineering counterparts, you will collaborate to craft and deliver on the vision, strategy, and roadmap for Verification at Twilio.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Be the voice of the customer in every conversation and decision, and ensure we build world class products that our customers love and value.
Own the product strategy, roadmap, and release cadence for a major part of Twilios Verification product. 
Support your engineering team in delivering quality features efficiently, and your global go-to-market team in selling them. 
Get your hands dirty, align executives, convince peers, and coordinate dependencies to get-it-done.
Seek out unique points of view to deliver products that reflect the global population and make communication more inclusive for all.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

Minimum of 5 years of Product Management or related experience building customer-facing cloud products for businesses or developers.
Experience working in an agileSCRUM development process with globally-distributed teams and customers, occasionally working non-standard hours.
Strong technical, analytical, and UIUX design understanding. 
Ability to speak and write in English fluently.
Bachelor in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent practical experience required.

Desired:

Experience building productsservices related to APIs, identity verification, authentication, fraud, billing, messaging, or telecom.
Experience working with direct sales, marketing, and defining pricingpackaging.

Location 
This role will be based remotely in the UK.
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




