See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Senior Accountant - Accounts Receivable
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, were on a journey to becoming a globally antiracist company that supports diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
As the Senior Accountant - Accounts Receivable you will ensure AR is accurate and balanced across multiple subledgers (and systems) and the general ledger.  This is an accounting focused role for all things AR. While cash application and accounts receivable transactions will be performed by a separate team, it is important for this role to maintain in-depth knowledge of their processes to ensure collaboration and alignment between all the teams.   
Responsibilities
In this role, you will:

Interface with key partners across internal departments and subsidiaries to ensure AR is accurate and reconciled between the general ledger and multiple subledgers.
Prepare month-end entries and reconciliations, as well as assist with monthly management reporting.
Assist in providing reporting on key KPIs such as DSO, and write-off trends within business lines, as well as other ad hoc analysis to help add value by making recommendations to continuously drive performance for all things AR. 
Interact extensively across all functional teams within Twilio and assist as queries arise.
Update processed and procedures as required for your tasks
 Improvise  automate the AR processes.

Qualifications
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

Curiosity, determination, grit, and internal motivation to solve ambiguous and complex problems.
Bachelors Degree, with Accounting focus.
Strong proficiency in US GAAP.
Possess an in-depth working knowledge of month-end close processes, operational accounts receivable procedures, and knowledge of accounting reconciliations relating to accounts receivables.
Strong verbal and written communication skills to effectively present to team and management.
3 years of experience at fast growing software or technology companies preferred.
An Excel wizard with experience work with and reviewing large amounts of data.
Experience working with very large customer base,
Experience working independently and as part of a team. 
Experience in AR reconciliation and resolution of exceptions.

Desired:

Chartered Accountant is preferred or 5 years of relevant experience
Experience with Oracle Fusion, Zuora.

Location
This role will be based in our RMZ Ecoworld Bengaluru, India office.
What we offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including things like competitive pay, generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




