See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Customer Success Manager on Twilios Segment product team.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
The Customer Success team at Segment is the central touchpoint for our business tier customers, orchestrating the post-sales customer lifecycle in partnership with Solutions Architects, Sales and Support. The team manages the customer relationship, coordinates internally within Segment, drives product adoption and guides the customer to take full advantage of our ecosystem. Fundamentally, Customer Success Managers ensure customers derive value from our platform, and ultimately renew and grow their relationship with us.
We are looking for CSMs who are passionate about customers and the ways in which they use data to drive results. As a CSM, you will have the opportunity to help some of the worlds most influential companies solve their toughest data problems. So if you get excited about things like defining culture and process, you may be the Customer Success Manager were looking for!
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Own the ultimate success of our customers, ensuring they realize the full value of the Segment platform.
Develop and deliver a roadmap to success. Drive product adoption and ongoing usage of Segment, while promoting customer satisfaction and advocacy.
Manage the customer relationship, acting as trusted advisor to executive and senior leadership in Engineering, Product, Business Analytics and Marketing.
Manage relationships with program owners (IT, engineers and developers) to drive product usage and engagement.
Understand your customers needs, thoughtfully helping business leaders to identify opportunities to expand our footprint and depth of engagement.
Partner internally with Solutions Architects and Success Engineers to optimize customer implementations and resolve technical challenges.
Partner with the Sales team to advance account renewals and expansion.
Proactively identify account risks and develop mitigation plans (coordinating activities internally within Segment and external with customers) to resolve.
Analyze your portfolio, identify risks and opportunities and prioritize for impact.
Communicate performance opportunities and technical overviews to coordinate solutions internally across engineering, marketing, product and support teams.
Become an expert on the Segment platform and integrations, while keeping up with industry trends in data and analytics.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

2-5 years of consultant, account management, customer success or sales experience
Experience unblocking relationships and turning detractors into advocates
Experience managing customers across geographies
Proven track record of driving results for your customers and your company
Effective communicator in stressful situations
Ability to navigate complex organizations to accelerate product adoption, influence collaboration and evangelize opportunities for growth.
Self-motivated, empathetic to customer needs and improving customer relationships

Desired:

Experience with customer data platforms, marketing and data technologies
Experience with the suite of tools in Segments ecosystem is a plus
Passionate about supporting and transforming customers experience

Location
This role will be based in either the UK or Ireland 
Approximately 20 travel is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




