See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as Twilios next Regional Vice President, Trading.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
As our RVP, Global Accounts you will be responsible for managing the largest multi-sourcing customers and CPaaS providers from a relationship, trading and commercial standpoint. You will manage senior relationships, negotiate complex bilateral commercial agreements, have deep CPaaS expertise, build two sided marketplaces, manage global teams and rely on data at the core of every decision. In addition, you will play a key role supporting regional sales leaders in growing their revenue and gross profit contributions to the company. Creative deal-making experience, professionalism and PL management are critical to your success. This position reports to the Vice President of Global Trading and Carrier Relations.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Author and execute the strategy to maximize revenue and gross profit performance across a portfolio of accounts. This includes a bilateral motion with connectivity partners, defining and applying routing strategies and price to address customer needs.
Own first line communications and business relationships with telecom providers, CPaaS partners and global multi-sourcing customers.
Build an exceptional global team with superior business performance, relationship management and communication skills
Provide timely and accurate forecasting. Stay current on competitive trends. Act swiftly based on the ever changing market opportunities.
Functionally manage business performance, business development strategy and operational improvements across the global business
Partner and communicate effectively with sales, finance, legal, operations, product and engineering. Be a team player and a thought leader.
Drive business rigor through data, analytics, standardization and operational excellence.
Develop a scalable foundation for Twilio to be the highest quality, lowest cost and preferred partner across our top global markets

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

15 years of progressive experience within the A2P messaging space, leading global messaging business. Deep knowledge of the aggregator industry at global and regional levels.
Proven track record of winning market share across 100M businesses with 40 YoY growth targets.
Demonstrated ability to lead partnerships globally and exceed critical metrics (position will have targeted attainment goals). 
Manages relationships with senior level executives while demonstrating innovative thinking in negotiating structural contractual terms and expanding program scalability.
Highly analytical and strategic attitude. Proven ability to optimize gross profit by using data to guide decisions.
Demonstrated write it down mentality with the ability to design and implement operational plans based on customer  partner  market feedback. A bias for action with the ability to test and iterate on new ideas quickly with the appropriate controls and data in place to measure success and change or double down on tactics when needed.
World class people manager with a playermentor attitude.
Proven ability to hire best in class talent from within the industry and appropriate adjacent fields. 
Experience managing global teams across cultural boundaries, time zones and different business environments. Experience inheriting and growing existing organizations, retaining talent and setting direction.
Ability to inspire teams from an operational, product, strategy and sales execution perspective.
Ability to thrive in a fast-moving environment.
Hands on: Passionate. Persistent. Creative. Get things done. High personal productivity: you are a doer first.

Desired:

8 years of people management experience, leading teams of 10 including managers and individual contributors

Location: 
This role will be remote. Approximately 15 travel is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




