See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Technical Support Expert on the Messaging team
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed to support our customers use of Twilios Programmable Messaging product. This role will function as the voice of Twilio to our customers and partners and operate as a subject matter expert for Twilios Programmable Messaging API. In addition, focus on providing friendly, professional customer service, while problem-solving and demonstrating a high competency in communicating complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences via phone, email, and chat mediums. Advanced time management skills are able to work well under pressure, and are proficient at developing workflows to remain efficient at tasks while still following standard processes and procedures.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Work on messaging email cases submitted by both individual developers and major brands.
Assist customers with troubleshooting message deliverability issues and debug customer code.
Speak with a customer on the phone and chat  in order to guide them through the development of their SMS application.
Collaborate with your teammates and the Twilio Product and Engineering teams via Slack.
Mentor others team members in case management best practices
Actively works across the team to identify areas requiring improved documentation
Work with your manager to surface customer problems to assist in process betterment.
Displays ownership of updating team training materials

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience
5 years of experience in a client-facing technical role, preferably in supporting REST API or enterprise software
High comfort level with and exposure to SaaS or communications technology
A firm understanding of the technology stacks common to the Web ecosystem.
Functional knowledge of general-purpose programming languages.
Strong problem-solving and technical troubleshooting skills
Ability to professionally and diplomatically address customer concerns and provide concise feedback.
Ability to de-escalate tensetough customer situations in a live environment. 
Excellent reading comprehension, listening, and writing skills.

Desired:

Previous exposure or knowledge of Twilio products.
Coding experience in any language. (reading and debugging)
Previous experience with JIRA or a similar ticketing system.
Telecommunications industry work experience
Ability to read and debug server-side code (C, Java, Python, Node.js, Ruby, or PHP) and client-side code (JavaScript, Android, iOS) 
Previous experience with JIRA, Zendesk, or similar ticketing systems

Location 
This role will be remote and based in Colombia.
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




