See yourself at Twilio
Join the Segment Billing team as our next Staff Software Engineer
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position on the billing team is needed to  maximize the  value for customers, sales and finance. We play a critical role in providing SaaS billing needs for new offerings, upselling of new features, and distributing information to other engineering services about what feature  usage limits customers are entitled to in their assigned workspaces. Our team vision is to provide a billing and monetization system that can efficiently scale and deliver new billing packages, automate end-to-end provisioning to help scale financial operations, feature usages, experimentation and pricing capabilities leading to better insights, transparency and control into what customers are billed for.
If youre passionate about leading and solving crucial business problems and enjoy working on them in a small, data-driven team, this may be for you!
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Lead design  implementation of complex backend billing, provisioning and usage systems in collaboration with team members
Work with cross functional teams to build solutions in order to address pain points faced by Revenue, Accounting, Sales and Support teams to ensure excellent customer experience
Operates at a team level, helping team work expeditiously through blockers and orchestrating resolutions.
Mentoring junior engineers and building strong mentor relationship attributing to mentees career growth
Evaluate and analyze new technology for feasibility, impact and viability
Actively participate in design, code review, backlog grooming. Works with peers to meet teams commitments.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

At least 8 years of hands-on engineering experience on backend systems
3 years of lead experience in designing and implementing fault-tolerant, data-intensive services
Experience with AWS, GCP or other public cloud infrastructure platforms.
Extensive experience with REST API design and implementation.
Experience with production OLTP, caching and event log systems such as PostgresSQL, Redis and Kafka.
Experience implementing modern automated testing and CICD pipelines.
Champion of good engineering habits: development and test techniques, security, automation.
Experience working with distributed data and event streaming platforms like EMR, Spark, Kafka, Kinesis
Strong technical and leadership chops - Led technical decisions for your team and influenced technical decisions across your functional domains on large scale projects. Led initiativesprojects that enforce operational reliability factors such as monitoring, performance and capacity planning, security, and disaster response.
Strong experience with one or more of following languages - Golang, TypeScript, Python, Java

Desired:

Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or related industry experience
On call experience debugging mission critical systems
Experience with container based deployments using Kubernetes or AWS EKS

Location 
This role will be remote in the USA and Canada (Vancouver  Toronto areas)
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
 
Please note this role is open to candidates outside of Colorado, California, New York, and Washington. The information below is provided for candidates hired in those locations only.
The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows:

Based in Colorado: 160,080 - 200,100.
Based in New York, Washington State or California (outside the San Francisco Bay Area): 169,520 - 211,900.
Based in the San Francisco Bay area, California: 188,320 - 235,400.
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.

The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. 




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




