See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as Twilios next Principal Software Engineer (L5), Segment Infrastructure
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
At Twilio Segment, we believe companies should be able to send their data wherever they want, whenever they want, with no fuss. Unfortunately, most product managers, analysts, and marketers spend too much time searching for the data they need, while engineers are stuck integrating the tools they want to use. Segment standardizes and streamlines data infrastructure with a single platform that collects, unifies, and sends data to hundreds of business tools with the flip of a switch. That way, our customers can focus on building outstanding products and personalized messages for their customers, letting us take care of the complexities of processing their customer data reliably at scale. Were in the running to power the entire customer data ecosystem, and we need the best people to take the market.
About the job
As a lead member of the Infrastructure team, youll help to empower our entire RD organization. Alongside a diverse distributed Infrastructure group youll participate in building the next iteration of our service platform, ensure that our software development process iterates quickly, and that internal and external services are organized and well-administered.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Write software to automate everything from manual run-book processes to complete system provisioning
Architect and improve our Infrastructure container orchestration platform (Kubernetes).
Build the next version of Segments Service Platform to support teams in deploying hundreds of services across a multi-region cloud environment
Support teams working on large scale infrastructure processing millions of events per second and storing hundreds of TBs per month
Participate in agile ceremonies and on a 127 on call rotation.
Architect and solve complex infrastructure problems in public cloud (AWS)
As a key member of our engineering team, you will play a crucial role in ensuring the reliability, scalability, and security of our systems on cloud infrastructure.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:
If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!

Minimum of 12-15 years experience as a seasoned Software Engineer, Site Reliability Engineer, Platform Engineer, Infrastructure Engineer or another similar role
AWS Expertise: Leverage your in-depth knowledge of Amazon Web Services (AWS) to architect, optimize, and manage cloud infrastructure for our applications.
Kubernetes Mastery: Drive the adoption and optimization of Kubernetes (K8s) for containerized applications, ensuring scalability, efficiency, and reliability.
Infrastructure as Code (IaC):  Strong Terraform experience to design, implement, and maintain infrastructure as code, enabling seamless and reproducible deployments.
Go Lang Automation: Develop and maintain automation scripts and tools using Go lang, streamlining operational tasks and enhancing system efficiency.
Security Focus: Collaborate with our security teams to implement and enhance security measures, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems.
Developer Experience: Champion developer experience initiatives, focusing on optimizing workflows, reducing friction, and enhancing the overall development process.
Kafka Expertise: Strong expertise in Kafka design, implement, and manage event streaming architectures
Strong experience in DevOps tools like ArgoCD, Buildkite
Mastery in observability stack like Grafana, Prometheus, Datadog, Loki

Bonus:

Are well-versed in architecting distributed workloads in an multi tenant production environment
Have worked on kafka and observability stack like prometheus, Grafana and logging frameworks.
Certified Kubernetes Administrator OR CKA

Location 
This role will be based remotely in our Bangalore office. 
Approximately 10travel is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
 




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




