See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Systems Automation Engineer on Twilios Core Platform team.
 
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
 
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
This position is needed to help build an scalable platform that allows our Network team to manage and operate our Network Infrastructure. Youll work with a passionate, versatile, and collaborative team, tackling tough problems as we continue to expand our infrastructure. Additionally, youll have the opportunity to implement architectural solutions that will enable us to achieve our goal of being the worlds most trusted engagement platform.
 
As a member of our Network Infrastructure Platform team, you will be directly responsible for helping build our network platform services and APIs. You will have the opportunity to build and integrate high standard tools for managing our global network.
 
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Work in a small, high-impact, multi-talented engineering team.
Collaborate with Product Managers, Architects and other Engineers to tackle complex problems in distributed computing and infrastructure management. 
Build and operate your teams services in a distributed production environment in the DevOps model. 
Ensure a high quality by applying gold standards and different kinds of performance testing.
Apply Agile methodologies to continuously deliver value to the customers.
Rapidly acquire new technical skills and knowledge in a fast-paced, high-delivery environment
Demonstrate effective communication by authoring and reviewing design documents, runbooks, and other service documentation, and keeping a good record of changes in the systems.
Positive attitude, and aptitude to learn and execute quickly in a small team. 
Become part of the on call rotation for the team.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
 
Required:

Proficiency with one or more programming languages: Python, Java and Go preferred.
Experience with different architectures and services running on public cloud infrastructure at scale (AWS preferred) using automation to support deployment, scaling, monitoring, and management.
Deep familiarity with Linux (CentOSRHEL or Ubuntu preferred), bash scripting, service configuration and management.
Experience in deployment tools and frameworks, with an understanding of continuous deployment processes (ex: Git, Buildkite, CircleCI, Github Actions).
Strong understanding of networking concepts and internet application fundamentals (TCPIP, DNS, SSL, load balancing, etc)
Strong sense of Being an Owner, Wearing the Customer Shoes, with the ability to Empower Others demonstrated through examples of clear communication and collaboration.
Skills to work independently with multiple global teams, developing, configuring, deploying, and operating the global infrastructure for Twilio Networks Platform blending operational excellence with development best practices.
Bachelors degree required, or equivalent experience.
1 years of experience in a DevOpsSoftware Development environment. 
Minimum B2 in English.

Desired:

Operational experience in complex distributed systems, including experience with SLOSLAs towards high availability and reliability goals.
Experience building and managing systems with tools including Kubernetes, ChefAnsiblePuppet, Kafka, Docker, and Terraform.
Experience operating large scale systems and media services in production across multiple regions or data centers in a cloud platform or enterprise scale environment.

 
Location
 
This role will be remote, and based in Colombia. 
 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
 
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




