See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Instructional Designer. 
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This is an exciting opportunity to join a dynamic, growing training and enablement team that is responsible for onboarding and upskilling new Twilions in Customer Support on topics such as Twilios products, support processes and tools, technical skills, and soft skills. You will work with a team of instructional designers and technical trainers, as well as various stakeholders within Customer Support to assess organizational needs and to design, develop, and deliver training materials via different learning modalities to Twilions across the Support organization.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll design, create, and deliver engaging learning content (e.g. job aids, eLearnings, vILT courses, micro-learning video content, learning plans, and learner communications). Specific examples include:

Develop ILT courses using Google Slides and facilitate learning sessions and workshops; provide feedback and an expert learning opinion on ILT content and format to partners and stakeholders.
Create and maintain eLearning and microlearning content with a variety of authoring tools - e.g. Articulate 360, Camtasia, and SnagIt.
Develop additional content as required - e.g. course outlines, training aids, assessments, and facilitator guides.
Support the development of processes for training content pipeline, including intake, validation, review, launch, etc.
Manage the end-to-end learning development process, including stakeholder request management, needs analysis, development, delivery, evaluation, and revision.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

5 years of experience in training facilitation and curriculum development in a software engineering or technical environment
Experience building engaging and impactful learning content - from analysis to evaluation, and ongoing iteration
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Intellectual curiosity, a deep growth mindset, and the desire to constantly improve
Ability to thrive in a high-velocity and dynamic environment

Desired:

High degree of fluency in GSuite, including: Slides, Docs, Sheets, and Forms
Formal experience or education in Learning and Development, Information Technology, Software Development or other related fields
Bachelors degree preferred

Location 
This role is remote and is based in India.
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio. In addition to competitive pay, Twilio offers generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




