See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next People Compliance Program Lead, APJ
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed to support the companys exponential growth. This role will be a critical member of our People Operations (HR)  team responsible for handling  compliance matters relating to employment in the Asia Pacific Region (APJ).
If you like identifying and anticipating requirements, building new things, and seeing the direct impact of your work, this role is for you. As a Compliance Program Lead at Twilio, you will be responsible for maintaining compliance of country, state, and local laws relating to employment, and People policies and processes. This role will be a cross-functional partner working closely with different COEs within the People team and our Legal team to ensure the successful and consistent delivery of global People Compliance-related activities, oversight, audit and governance, including overall management, coordination, and controls. You will provide experienced consultation to People teams on compliance-related questions. Prioritization is a critical component for success in the position. Reporting into the Sr. Manager, People Compliance, this is an individual contributor role. The role is located remotely in India.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Consult, influence, and perform as a trusted advisor to build cross-functional partnerships and collaboration at all levels across the People and Legal teams to address compliance requirements
In partnership with the Legal team, maintain awareness of and track new legislation, benchmarkresearch legal and regulatory requirements, and engage the right COEspartners to ensure timely implementation of processes that follow new legal requirements 
Keep current with government regulatory reports and programs, and complete and submit required reporting to the relevant authorities in a timely manner
In partnership with the Legal team, work with project teams to translate legal obligations into policy, system, or process requirements, supervise the effectiveness of processes designed to meet obligations, and develop andor advise on remediation plans to mitigate risk
Develop and implement ongoing audit processes and internal controls, analyze results, and develop appropriate recommendations to ensure and enhance adherence to compliance standards and mitigate risk. 
Settle and lead mandatory HR compliance training requirements and solutions for delivery to Twilions in APJ
Establish and operationalize reporting governance to accurately maintain data, meeting the needs of global reporting requirements. Maintain and update documentation tracking systems and ensure proper recording, approval, and filingretention of all documents received in accordance with established guidelines

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

5 years of HR or employment and labor law experience. Global experience and specialization in compliance is highly preferred.


Subject matter expertise in regulatory areas and with the various laws that impact HR, including global hiring requirements, overtimepay premiums, anti-harassment training, policy obligations, and time tracking, and demonstrated judgment and experience assessing risk.


Working knowledge of APJ employment laws in India and familiarity with employment laws in other APJ countries, with knowledge of additional countries including EMEA or NAMER considered a bonus. Must have the curiosity and ability to learn about laws in different countries.


Demonstrated policy and procedure development and enforcement to ensure compliance


Demonstrated ability to navigate successfully within ambiguity, with multiple priorities in a dynamic, fast-paced, changing environment. Will take initiative even under unfamiliar or ambiguous circumstances. Detail-oriented with an execution attitude.


Experience identifying and resolving issues. Ability to establish strong cross-functional partnerships and experience driving projects and programs with a diverse group of partners.


Strong problem-solving and facilitation skills with a consistent record to persuade and influence change and partners


Possesses a seek to understand mentality and the ability to exercise discretion and independent judgment. 


Excellent written and verbal communication and social skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team

Desired:

Experience working at a high-growth technology organization
Demonstrated project management experience 

Location 
This role will be based in our RMZ Eco world, Bangalore India.
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




