See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Staff Software Engineer
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
 
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, were on a journey to becoming a globally antiracist company that supports diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed to ensure the Platform team has strong technical leadership to support building the infrastructure tooling necessary to achieve the goals of the Twilio Flex product. 
 
As a Staff Software Engineer on our Platform team, you will help develop repeatable and reusable infrastructure implementations that will allow Core Platform teams to seamlessly build, test, and deploy their code in ways that allow our product scale globally.  Youll work with a passionate, versatile, and collaborative team, tackling tough problems as we continue to push our technology forward. Additionally, youll have the opportunity to influence and implement architectural solutions that will enable us to achieve our goal of being the next generation customer interaction platform.
 
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Utilize your knowledge of architectural patterns and archetypes to help build mature, distributed, cross-region services
Create reusable and repeatable infrastructure implementations that delivery teams can leverage to more easily and confidently deliver software to our customers. 
Cultivate a culture of learning, knowledge sharing and collaboration with a focus on operational excellence
Act as a technical leader and a mentor to junior members of the team.
Focus on execution leadership to ensure our team is able to deliver on our commitments. 

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
 
Required:

5 years of experience including 2 working on a team in a DevOpsPlatform EngineeringSRE environment. 
A minimum of 2 years of hands-on experience crafting services, utilities, and automation with Golang.
Experience in deploying and managing systems and services in a platform-agnostic manner using technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform, and ChefAnsiblePuppet, Jenkins, Buildkite  CircleCI SpinakkerArgoCD
Depth of operational experience in complex distributed systems, including defining, measuring and monitoring SLOSLAs for availability and reliability goals
Proven abilities in high level service design -- modeling interfaces and internals in a properly modular, composable, and extensible fashion
Good working knowledge of highly distributed systems and at least one cloud service provider  
Ability to scale systems and people process by focusing on continuous delivery methodology from design to implementation stages.
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience required. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Desired:

AWS Specific Experience 

 
Location 
This role will be based in our Bengaluru, India office. 
Approximately 5 travel is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
 
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
 
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




