See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Technical Program Manager
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
Twilio is looking for a skilled Technical Program Manager to join the Communications BU, who can facilitate our teams to reach our aggressive product delivery and engineering scale goals. Acting as the hub in a world of spokes, with technical aptitude and a product mindset. 
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Lead teams collaboration
Deftly identify dependencies and risks
Resolve blockers 
Structure and lead complex cross-functional programs for product and cross-company initiatives
Drive towards continuous improvement through analyzing data and inspect  adapt practices to work with agile teams to improve project delivery
Track and report progress
Leverage best practices to ensure predictable and timely delivery of our programs
You will be partnering and collaborating with product managers, engineering counterparts, and stakeholders across BUs, to craft and deliver on the vision, strategy, and roadmap for Communication Products.
Support the transparency and communication of the health and progress of an overall program that you are coordinating.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

5 years experience in technical program management, project management
BABS degree in computer science or similar degree
Must be able to effectively plan, organize and drive projects to completion
Ability to effectively communicate across all levels of the organization
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment
Highly accountable with a demonstrated ability to think strategically
Ability to gather and analyze large amounts of information quickly in order to problem solve and drive decision-making effectively
Must demonstrate a sense of urgency and ownership to drive solutions and tasks to completion
Experience in agile program Mmnagement 

Desired:

Experience in PaaS, SaaS, Telecom, Voice as a communication channel is a plus.

Location 
This role will be remote in Estonia Or based in Tallinn
Approximately 2 travel is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
 




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




