See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Staff Accountant II.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, were on a journey to becoming a globally antiracist company that supports diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
This position is needed for a Staff Accountant II to be a key contributor on our International Accounting team. Reporting to the Senior Manager, International Accounting in Dublin, Ireland, this position will ensure our fixed assets, prepayments, accruals, OPEX  and other GL transactions are complete and accurate both in US GAAP and Local GAAP. It will also be a crucial role in ensuring that the company is compliant in regulatory filings and returns to the authorities. This role will partner internally with the Tax, AP  Global Accounting teams to understand what improvements can be made to our processes and anticipate accounting impacts.  We are looking for an individual excited to bring their passion for process improvement to a collaborative, team-based working environment in a fast-growing company.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

live the Twilio Magic values while owning the GL function of current acquired International entities
ensure our fixed assets, prepayments, accruals, OPEX  and other GL transactions are complete and accurate. 
partner internally with the Finance  Accounting teams to understand what improvements can be made to our processes and anticipate accounting impacts.  
bring your passion for process improvement to a collaborative team-based working environment in a fast-growing company.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

4 years experience working in a finance function preferably at a fast growing Technology company.
Strong working knowledge of US GAAP, month-end close processes, operational and accounting procedures.
Ability to prioritize and work proactively and independently to meet deadlines  in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. 
Have managed local statutory audits and ensured complianceregulatory filing deadlines have been met.
Team player with strong communication, organizational and interpersonal skills with a strong attention to detail.
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience required.
Qualified Part Qualified or studying towards a professional accounting qualification

Desired:

Experience with Oracle ERP preferred.
Intermediate to advanced Excel skills.

Location 
This role will be based in our Dublin office or remote in Ireland
Approximately 5 travel is anticipated. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




