See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Staff Accountant, COGS
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
As a Staff Accountant specializing in Cost of Goods Sold (COGS) at Twilio, you will play a pivotal role in our accounting team, responsible for overseeing and optimizing our COGS accounting processes. Your expertise in cost accounting, financial analysis, and Excel proficiency will be instrumental in ensuring accurate reporting, cost management, and strategic decision-making.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Manage and maintain the accounting processes related to COGS, including cost allocation and expense recognition.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to analyze and interpret cost data, identify cost-saving opportunities, and provide financial insights.
Develop and execute process improvements, automation solutions, and efficient reporting mechanisms, with a focus on enhancing the accuracy and efficiency of COGS-related activities.
Assist in month-end and year-end financial close activities, reconciling COGS accounts and preparing financial statements.
Ensure compliance with accounting standards, internal policies, and regulatory requirements related to COGS.
Participate in ad-hoc financial projects and analysis to support strategic initiatives.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

2 to 4 years experience
Bachelors degree in Accounting, Finance, or a related field
Proven experience as an accountant specializing in COGS or cost accounting in a complex organization.
Strong technical skills in Excel, including experience with macros and advanced functions.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities, with a keen attention to detail.
Knowledge of financial accounting standards (GAAP) and experience with relevant accounting software.
Effective communication skills and the ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams.
Highly organized, adaptable, and able to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.

Desired:

Masters Degree in Accounting or Finance andor CPA certifications is a plus
Big 4 Accounting Experience 

Location 
This role will be RMZ Ecoworld bengaluru, India
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




