See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Enterprise Account Executive - New Business (SEA)
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
About the job
Twilio is growing rapidly and seeking an New Business Enterprise Account Executive to play a key role in further growing our Voice business in Asia. As our new New Business Enterprise Account EnterpriseExecutive, you will be responsible for prospecting, solution selling, and acquiring G2K Enterprise accounts in BFSI, Airlines, Retail and BPO sectors across South East Asia (SEA), specifically in Singapore and Philippines. The Enterprise Sales team is a strategic component of our go-to-market strategy. Our customers are often application owners, product managers, line of business executives, CXOs, Heads of innovation, omni-channel and digital strategy partners at some of Asias largest companies.
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Lead pursuits to acquire new logos from within your defined territory to attain your Sales Targets
Develop and implement a comprehensive territory plan while conducting territory visits to meet customers face to face or on video at least 50 of your work time
Generate and deliver account plans with your cross-functional partners to reliably drive predictable sales cycles
Forecast the business and maintain up to date and accurate data within SFDC

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

At least 10 years experience in full-cycle Enterprise direct sales within the Enterprise space (G2K) selling voice use cases (ARR 1M, 6-12 month plus sales cycles)
Experience prospecting and acquiring new Enterprise accounts in BFSI, Airlines, Retail and BPO verticals. Strong territory management experience in Asia.
Proven track record developing strategic relationships within the enterprise account space, building executive relationships (C-level), driving innovation, growing new pipelinebusiness development, and developing strategic long-term account plans.
The ability to provide thorough weeklymonthly forecasting metrics and communicate them in a succinct manner
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to easily make complex contractual, technical, and financial details sound simple
Ability to influence and build effective working relationships with all levels of the organization
Experience working independently and as part of a team.

Desired:

SaaSCPaaSTelco solution selling experience and enjoys working with clients—listening to them and solving problems
Experience selling a platform or SaaS; experience with selling Contact Centers, Messaging, Marketing or Client Engagement platforms are a plus!
A Bachelors degree or equivalent experience
An understanding of the cloud computingcommunications business model and excitement for selling to a technical audience while applying a solutions focused approach to selling.

Location 
This role will be based remotely in Singapore
Approximately 30  travel is anticipated.
Other Notes
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.This role is eligible to earn commissions. 
The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




