See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as Twilios next Strategic Account Executive.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
This position is needed to lead relationships with our largest current Communications platform customers who consume our messaging, voice and email services. You will be directly responsible for protecting and growing Twilios communications business across your assigned customers. As a Strategic Account Executive, you will drive highly analytical and consultative sales cycles with customers that are running large scale, global, competitively sourced, compliance-heavy, use case-specific businesses. This role is highly cross functional, and your success will depend on building deep partnerships across product management, finance, support, and operations.  
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

Manage and expand some of our most important customer accounts, including high growth technology, ecommerce, and fintech companies.
Develop, drive, and execute account strategy to consistently deliver strong revenue, gross margin, and gross profit results.
Partner closely with other Twilio teams to identify new revenue opportunities within your account portfolio.
Serve on a cross-functional account team with representatives from product, finance, support, and services teams.
Run a disciplined forecast, consistently achieve on goals, and present guidance to executive management.
Run highly consultative sales cycles with our largest customers with a focus on deep discovery, listening to customer needs and being an effective champion for their point of view in the organization

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

5-8 years of combined experience in major account or strategic sales, managing or leading quantitative, highly analytical products and solutions for customers. 
Accountable for relationship management, cross sells, upsells and solutions consulting.
Comfortable working with business and highly technical leaders, while influencing their understanding and building supportive partnerships.
Analytical account development strategy based on using data to find opportunities and prove value.
Demonstrated track record of managing business forecasts and financial models. 
Entrepreneurial mindset with appetite to define process and build programs.
Record of delivering revenue and gross profit results, especially for large-scale and enterprise customers.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Bachelors Degree or equivalent years of experience.

Desired:

Deep experience working with telecom companies, including SMS aggregators, carriers, or global communications platforms.
Domain expertise from a highly quantitative industry such as advertising optimization, investment banking, security or commodity trading especially in non-standard segments.
Software, SaaS, CPaas or PaaS selling experience.

Location 
This role will be remote in Japan. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




