See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as our next Personalised Support Engineer.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
 Although were headquartered in San Francisco, were on a journey to becoming a globally antiracist company that supports diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and were looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.
 About the job
The Personalised Support Engineers serve as technical resources for Twilio Personalised customers and partners via phone, email or web. They deliver unique value by collaboratively and reactively solving customer problems, contributing to product quality and enhancements and creating self-help assets to broadly reach more customers. 
You will be part of a team responsible for providing a white glove world class technical support experience to our business customers. From problem identification to full resolution, you will own and manage the customer experience.
This position requires working in a shift, APAC 0630-1530 IST and EMEA - 1300-2200 IST. We work 5 days a week, and could include one or both weekend days. (Tue-Sat, Sun-Thur etc)
 
Responsibilities
In this role, you will:

Use your strong technical and diplomatic skills to address customer issues and provide customer feedback to Twilios Product and Engineering teams.
Work with our customers and partners developers, architects, and support personnel to resolve complex problems with potentially very costly and far-reaching consequences.
Collaborate with your teammates and the Twilio Product and Engineering teams via Slack as well as filing JIRAs to report reproducible bugs.
 Be ready to assist our customers when they need us. This position may require working an irregular shift, including the weekendholidays (Shifts are subject to change based on evolving team and customer needs).

Qualifications
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

3 years experience in a client-facing technical role, preferably in supporting REST API and ability to understand and tackle issues with cloud solutions.
Supporting customers with service level agreements (SLAs) of 3 hours or less, utilizing a ticket system such as Zendesk.
Skilled in resolving network connectivity issues, with an understanding of TCPUDP, and basics of SSLTLS.
Ability to de-escalate tensetough customer situations in a live environment. 
Willing to work and support customers in either an EMEA or APAC timezone.

Desired:

Broad capabilities to troubleshoot server-side code (C, Java, Node.js, Ruby, or PHP) and client-side code  (JavaScript, Android, iOS). Good understanding of React and Redux.
Prior telecom (Carrier, SIP, PBX) or messaging platform experience.
Understanding of WebRTC

Location
This role will be located in our Bangalore, IN office. Approximately 10 travel is anticipated.




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




