See yourself at Twilio
Join the team as Twilios next Manager, Solutions Engineering.
Who we are  why were hiring
Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.
Although were headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Were on a journey to becoming a global company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity  inclusion wherever we do business.
About the job
Twilio is seeking a technical leader for our Solution Advisors on the Digital Sales team in our Twilio Communications business. Twilio makes it easy for developers and businesses of all-sizes to sign up and get started using our APIs. The Digital Sales team is responsible for scaled acceleration of our self-service funnel, growth plays for existing customer cohorts, and technical advisory strategies to help self-service customers launch projects faster.
In this role, you will work closely with Sales, Solution Engineering, Marketing, and Support leaders to set the strategy and direction of our technical engagement in the customer onboarding cycle and growth stages of existing self-service accounts. You will manage a global team of Solution Advisors and be accountable for their development, performance, and operating model within Digital Sales. 
Responsibilities
In this role, youll:

BE AN OWNER: Partner with the Digital Sales leadership team to set our strategy for finding, closing and supporting opportunities in our sales funnel and in our existing customer base.
BE INCLUSIVE: Work across functions to ensure collaboration for shared goals and appropriate capacity for your team.
DRAW THE OWL: Build and roll out programs that enable the Solution Advisors role to scalably  accelerate our self-service funnel.
EMPOWER OTHERS: Attract, develop, and motivate a team of hard-working Solutions Advisors, continually educating your team and seeking innovative solutions for improving your team. Ensure that your team has the support that they need to be successful as well as providing direct mentoring and guidance on a day to day basis.
WRITE IT DOWN: Lead the technical strategy, determine what role Solutions Advisors should play in accelerating new sign-ups, and how to deploy the team most effectively. Measure and communicate results  use data to communicate results and make decisions.
RUTHLESSLY PRIORITIZE: Set clear expectations for your team, remove obstacles where possible, and actively communicate tradeoffs to stakeholders when deciding where your team needs to focus.
WEAR THE CUSTOMERS SHOES: Engage with Product, Support, Sales, Operations, Legal, Security, Engineering, and every single other department as necessary to make your customers successful on our platform.

Qualifications 
Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having desired qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasnt followed a traditional path, dont let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!
Required:

A hands-on approach to problem solving. Always ready to handle customer blocking issues and work opportunities directly alongside your team.
A strong understanding of the developer adoption cycle, as well as experience in the technology areas relevant to Twilios market: contact center, IP-based telephony, messaging, real-time communications, email, scaling web and mobile applications.
A world class communicator. Confident in influencing and engaging with a highly skilled and experienced audience and executives.
Cross-functional experience in pre-sales or post-sales technical consulting, software engineering, or product management a plus
You are technically savvy and have experience with the cloud, APIs, enterprise software, and full stack technologies

Location 
This role will be based remotely in the US. 
What We Offer
There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.
Twilio thinks big. Do you?
We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. Thats why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.
So, if youre ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!
If this role isnt what youre looking for, please consider other open positions.
Please note this role is open to candidates outside of Colorado, California, New York, and Washington. The information below is provided for candidates hired in those locations only.
The estimated pay ranges for this role are as follows:

Based in Colorado: 138,200 - 172,800.
Based in New York, Washington State, or the San Francisco Bay area, California: 153,600 - 192,000.
This role may be eligible to participate in Twilios equity plan. All roles are eligible for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.
This role is eligible to earn commissions. 

The successful candidates starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. 




Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Twilio is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.
Twilio is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at accommodationtwilio.com.




