Two Six Technologies is looking to add a Lead Linux Software Developer to our team. This role will be responsible for developing and deploying capabilities for our customers.  You will also be responsible for productizing PoCs that are handed off from a team of reverse-engineers 
The ideal candidate should be comfortable with ambiguity and forging your own path; our small team setting will provide you the opportunity for outsized impact. While you will receive extensive training, mentorship, and coaching, you must be comfortable executing against goals independently since theres no playbook for our innovative research work.
 
Job Responsibilities  Duties:

Serve as the primary capability developer on a small, highly motivated team
Apply knowledge of LinuxUnix based systems to help solve complex mission challenges
Provide mentoring to more junior developers on capability development strategies, methodologies, and implementation 
Assist with reverse engineering and debugging of relevant linux applications
Triage and scope ad-hoc tasks from the customer

Minimum Qualifications:

Minimum of 5 years Unix kernel experience internals including mandatorydiscretionary access controls, runtime linkerloader, object file formats, file systems, and processthread APIs  data structures.
Demonstrated experience in developing applications in CC, and Python
Hosted Version Control familiarity (specifically Git and Gitlab) and ability to customize pipelines. Comfortable with performing testing and releases in an environment using CICD methodologies.
Experience as a developer on an Agile development style team.  
At least 2 years of experience with network sockets programming and expert packet-level understanding of IP, TCP, and other application level protocols.
Experience with at least one modern automation framework (preferably Ansible)
Knowledge of memory protection modules (ASLRDEP, etc.)
Experience tracing code execution in a debugger (WinDbggdbIDAPro)

Nice to haves:

Experience leading a team of juniormid developers
Experience with identifying and analyzing vulnerabilities in complex applications
Ability to rapidly find bearings in unfamiliar code bases

Clearance Requirements:

This position requires a TSSCI with the ability to obtain poly


Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

