Two Six Technologies is seeking a Lead Software Reverse Engineer and Vulnerability Researcher. The role is focused on the exploitation of firmware, applications, and hardware on mobile devices within a team of developers, reverse engineers, and exploitation specialists
Responsibilities Include:

Identifying vulnerabilities using both static and dynamic analysis techniques.
Developing proof of concept exploits for identified vulnerabilities.
Documenting and presenting research findings in useful and accessible ways for team members and customers.
Leveraging software and hardware exploitation to enable access to protected information.

Minimum Qualifications:

BS Degree in Computer Science or related technical areas
Experience in the fields of offensive security, exploit development, reverse engineering, or vulnerability research
Interested in cybersecurity and passionate about learning new things, taking things apart, and getting stuck into new problems and challenges.
Understanding of how operating systems function, such as the separation between kernel and userspace.
Experience in modern scripting languages such as Python
Minimum of 5 years of experience writing programs in a variety of programming languages, such as C, C, and Objective C
Experience in understanding at least one Assembly language, such as x8664, ARM64, and MIPS
Experience using disassemblersdecompilers and reverse engineering tools, such as IDA Pro, Ghidra, Hopper, or Binary Ninja
Must have an active Top Secret Clearance and be willing to obtain and maintain a Polygraph clearance

Nice If You Have:

Familiarity with scripting reverse engineering tasks with reverse engineering tools, such as IDA Pro
Experience in vulnerability research and exploit development on mobile platforms (iOS, Android) or their desktop analogs (macOS, Linux)
Experience with methods to bypass exploit mitigations and detection techniques
Familiarity with basic cryptography design and implementation concepts
Experience with creating and maintaining automated fuzzing solutions.
Expertise in analyzing crash reports for debugging or identifying vulnerabilities.
Experience in a client-facing technical role


Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

