Do you possess a TSSCI and have a passion for working on highly technical research and development writing projects? If so, Two Six Technologies would love to speak with you! 
Our team is growing and looking for a Proposal Writer with an understanding on how to create compelling proposal content for cutting-edge research and mission systems integration, ideally for defense and intelligence community opportunities. In this role, you can expect to stretch your writing and editing skills as you broaden your knowledge of multiple technologies critical to domestic and international security.
What you will do:

Produce easily-digestible technical documentation by gathering information from several stakeholders including analysts, engineers, scientists, and program managers.
Understand the technical specifications, proposed technical solution, and articulate the solution components via development of a comprehensive technical documentation that meets organizational standards.
Perform complex tasks involving the gathering, analyzing and compiling of data and information into well-written reports and presentations.
Manage numerous projects with tight deadlines and be a creative self-starter.
Proven ability to translate complex technical requirements and concepts into plain English reports and presentations.

What you will need:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Business, or a related discipline
5 years of technical writing experience preparing documents, reports, responses, Contract Data Requirements Lists (CDRLs), and briefings targeted to a wide range of audiences
3 years of proposal writing experience with emphasis on technical products and services related to software engineering, embedded systems, cybersecurity, and hardware reverse engineering or other complex systemsservices for US Government and international customers
3 years experience using Microsoft Office (including Project and Visio) or Google Suite
Ability to work on-site at our Arlington, VA Headquarters
TSSCI with the ability to obtain Poly

Nice if you have:

Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) Maturity Level 3 best practices experience
TSSCI with Polygraph

LI-PB1

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

