Job ID: 937
Were looking for someone to join the Media Manipulation Monitor (M3) team as we decipher complex information operations (IO) for discerning US government and Fortune 50 clients. M3 decodes the Chinese and Russian governments manipulation of the global information space, and we need a Russia Subject Matter Expert (SME) to help our clients make sense of the Russian governments IO within Russia and around the world.
What youll do
As a SME intern at M3, you will be responsible for curating and analyzing data about Russian IO while providing broader support to the SME team. Youll bring knowledge of Russian domestic politics and foreign policy, professional proficiency in Russian, understanding of the Russian social media landscape, and an interest in data analytics. Youll work with M3s team of SMEs to deliver analysis to our elite clients, applying your expertise to help solve some of the most important foreign policy questions facing the US Government today.
In this position, youll work with our team of SMEs to:

Use data analytics platforms and proprietary data science tools to identify and analyze anomalies, propaganda campaigns, and narratives about current events on social media platforms.
Interpret the Russian governments foreign policy objectives in client-facing written analysis.
Curate lists of relevant social media accounts pertaining to Russian IO within Russia and around the world.
Work with our data scientists and engineers to refine and develop analytic tools, such as by using your language skills and regional expertise to label training data for our machine learning models.
Maintain M3s customer-facing products, including our website and data platforms.
Embody analytic excellence and consistently challenge our teams assumptions.

More about the role
At Two Six, we strive to solve problems collaboratively, innovate and respond to feedback. We always seek to include, thank, celebrate, and be kind to our team members. As a Russia SME intern, you will embody these values, working independently and with your team to tackle challenging problems with cutting-edge technology.

This is a paid, part-time internship position, lasting for six (6) months. The start date is flexible, though we are targeting mid November or early December.
We are looking for someone to work approximately 20 hours per week, with some flexibility about schedule, allowing for attendance at some team meetings and working around our production schedule.  
This position is fully remote, just like the rest of the M3 team. Our normal business hours tend to align with the East Coast, but we are flexible and we work with teammates and clients around the world.
Youll work with members of our Data Science, Engineering, and Product teams to iterate on and improve our collection, data analytics, and content production processes. 
That said, we do not expect our SMEs to be able to code. We train all SMEs in quantitative methods and AIML tools, and create space for them to hone their ability to work with complex technical systems. 
This roles work is unclassified and no clearance is required, though all applicants must meet the requirements to hold a US security clearance.

What were looking for in a Russia SME Intern
Here are some of the skills and requirements youll need to dive into the role:

Strong writing skills, especially with crafting concise analytic summaries of data.
Professional reading proficiency (ILR 3 equivalent or higher) in Russian. 
Strong understanding of Russian foreign policy and domestic politics.
Strong understanding of Russias traditional and social media environment.
Demonstrated initiative and problem solving skills.
Great organization, attention to detail, ability to work independently and meet deadlines.
Proficiency in office technology, including Google Drive, Google Docs, Microsoft Office, and video call software.

Other nice-to-haves include: 
Members of our SME team have different expertise and come from a wide range of backgrounds. Wed love to hear what makes you uniquely able to serve our customers. Some of the qualities that might help you stand out include:

Broad, first-hand knowledge of Russian society, ideally stemming from experience living, working, andor studying in Russia or another country of the former Soviet Union.
Experience researching or analyzing Russian media or Kremlin information operations in prior coursework, jobs, or internships. 
A passion for communicating findings visually with charts, graphics, and design.
Love of solving problems with data. This can include—but is not limited to—turning to Python or other programming languages to scrape, clean, and analyze data.
A futurist in analysis, with exposure to elasticsearchELK Stack, machine learning, or natural language processing.
Exposure to the US government and a passion for mission.
Experience collaborating with teams of diverse, cross-functional specialities and a love for integrating the best that each brings to the table.

Clearance Requirements:

Eligibility for Security clearance

Location

100 Remote

LI-JS1
LI-Remote
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

