 
Training Content Developers maintain current course materials as well as create, modify, and improve them as required by instructors and trainees. They conduct training needs analysis, develop exercises and training scenarios as well as perform assessment of training materials. They make sure that all training objectives are accomplished, and issues are resolved.
Training Content Developers track the ability for current online and in person course material to effectively achieve learning objectives. They also work across teams to document and produce training content for new features delivered to customers and ensure course content is updated and remains current.
ResponsibilitiesWork across teams to document software features and best practices in order to develop learning objectivesDevelop online and in person training materials that students understand and can apply skills acquired during trainingCapture technical information and translate into understandable lesson plans for students unfamiliar with the subject matterFormulates learning objectives; plans, designs, and develops methods for the assessment and evaluation of training effectiveness;Develops curricula, course outlines, instructional methods, training aids, manuals, and other materials and products.Leverage written and multimedia platforms to deliver training to studentsUpdate Learning Management System (LMS) online course modules to keep pace with software improvements and additional features deliveredAssess the students learning through performance-based demonstrations of the learning objectivesSet up facilities and procedures to ensure responsive support.Work with the training manager to ensure daily completion of the training agenda as outlined.Maintain a positive attitude when dealing with challenging situations that involve guests or teammates.Facilitate the design and continuous improvement of existing training programs.
Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree inor equivalent experience in cyberspace operations5 years of experience using content management systems (CMS), Basic HTML, and Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel5 years of experience using video production software equivalent to Camtasia and MoodleExperience in Curriculum DevelopmentInstructional Design in a technical environment;Experience onboarding and instructing new team members.
 
Clearance Requirements:

Must have an active U.S. government security clearance or be willing to obtain one. 

LI-AB1
Onsite

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

