Two Six Technologies creates technology to address human security challenges. We built the Pulse Platform to address some of the most urgent human security issues faced by the worlds most vulnerable populations, specifically transnational crime, human trafficking, and global extremism. Our Pulse Platform is used to interact with populations around the world to provide insight into their thinking and engage them in two-way conversations. Pulse also delivers access to publicly available information across the surface, deep, and dark web and social media to provide a robust view of the Information Environment from baseline through assessment.
Two Six seeks a full-time All-Source Analyst with experience providing support to CI andor HUMINT operations to support a government customer. This position will involve leveraging all-source information, conducting analytic tradecraft, accessing common intelligence tools and databases, and interagency coordination across USG and the IC.
What you will do:

Build out and streamline all aspects of all-source intelligence integration efforts, including the processes and best practices for gathering, managing, analyzing, and sharing large quantities of data across the IC.
Collaborate with and directly support analysts in the vetting, triage, and development of potentially valuable information.
Plan, prepare, coordinate, validate, manage, and route ad-hoc and time sensitive collection requirements across IC disciplines.
Provide statistical data and author analytic products to meet customer analysis, reporting, and evaluation requirements.
Assist IC and LE partners with source validation and deconfliction.
Develop all-source collection and collection management strategies to address intelligence gaps, create collection postures, and assess collection efforts efficiently.
Conduct source citation analysis and perform outreach to IC partners to improve collection and represent the customer in working groups involving collection requirement management and collection support issues.

 
What you will need:

5 years of experience directly supporting or conducting all-source analysis, CI, cyber, or HUMINT operations as a direct hire for a government agency.
Highly proficient writing skills which conform to industry standards for intelligence reporting. Candidates will be assessed with a writing exercise.
Proven ability to work in a multicultural environment among peers of various backgrounds and cultures.
Research experience in an IC component leveraging All-Source, CI or HUMINT tools, common IC databases, reporting mechanisms, and resources.
Adept at integrating open source research (including social media) in building intelligence products.
Can identify information of value, conduct human network analysis, and provide fused analytic products aimed at furthering the intelligence cycle.
Experience with briefing senior decision makers.
Proven ability to work both independently and in teams.
Demonstrated experience with and knowledge of the various organizations of the IC.
BA or BS degree, Masters preferred.
Knowledge of a foreign language, especially Arabic or Persian, preferred.
Local to the NOVA area or willing to relocate.

The Ideal Candidate Is:

Rigidly Flexible - comfortable with a dynamic, unstructured, and fast-paced mission.
Able to self-prioritize  instinct for what should be done when not all things can be done.
Enthusiastic for the team and for the mission.
Humble, Hungry, and Smart, with an emphasis on Hungry.

ClearanceCitizenship

Active TSSCI required

 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

