Two Six Technologies is growing and we are looking for a full-time System AdministratorInformation System Security Officer (ISSO) to support our Corporate team. You will be responsible for assisting the Information System Security Manager in ensuring compliance for assigned classified programs. The ideal candidate is one who is eager to learn and adapt to new challenges in a fast-paced and growing environment and work well within a team environment but accomplish tasks independently. This position requires attention to detail, strong analytical and critical problem solving abilities, and excellent communication skills.
The environments you will work in include Windows 1011, Active DirectoryGroup Policy, Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL), VMWare vSphere  ESXi.
This is an on-site position working from our Arlington, VA office with local travel to our other sites.  
What you will do:

Work with the Corporate Security team to ensure all information systems remain or achieve compliance
Complete STIG checklists and POAMs
Review all data transfers to information systems
Perform weekly, bi-weekly, and monthly audits for all assigned accredited systems
Conduct Continuous Monitoring activities per customer requirements
Play a vital role in the RMF process serving as an advisor to the ISSM
Install, configure, design, administer and maintain Linux and Windows servers or workstations
Administer user accounts and access control within information systems to include creation of user accounts, assigning permissions to accounts, and enforcing security access policies to ensure compliance
Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues with information systems
Perform system backups and data recovery

What You Will Need:

3 years of experience working within a classified environment as a System Administrator andor ISSO
Bachelors degree in Cybersecurity, Computer Science, Information Security, or related degree or additional experience and advanced professional industry certifications can be substituted
Security certifications such as: Security, GCISP, GSEC, SSCP, CASP, CISM, CISSP, etc. 
Ability to work independently to identify, assess  resolve unique security situations with innovative solutions geared to facilitate contract performance within the bounds of security requirements
Working knowledge of government regulations such as the DCSA Assessment and Authorization Process Manual (DAAPM), Joint SAP Implementation Guide (JSIG), NIST SP 800-53, NIST SP 800-171, etc. 
Basic understanding of security compliance matrix 

What we would like:

Active TSSCI wPoly
Operating System certifications such as LPIC, Linux, RHCSA, Microsoft Administrator certifications, etc. 

Clearance Requirements:

Active Top Secret with SCI eligibility



Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

