 
Trusted Concepts , a division of Two Six Technologies is currently seeking a Data Manager. In this position you would be responsible for leading and managing organization-wide data governance activities and will have responsibility for improving data process, data quality and managing the protection of sensitive data or information assets. You will support data acquisition, deconflicts handling controls, and perform data cataloging of large scale, complex datasets for our customers mission.  The position will also focus on establishing and ensuring adherence to an enterprise data governance framework for data policies, standards and practices, at the department and functional areas level, to achieve the required level of consistency, quality and protection to meet overall business needs. 
 
This position requires a highly detail-oriented individual who understands the complexities of data movement, collection management and data policygovernance.  The data manager is commonly the point of escalation for governance, data quality and protection issues.  As a data manager, you will work closely with department or functional area leadership to improve the quality and value of core data assets, respond to regulatory protection requirements as well as support the strategic data requirements of the department. The data manager will also be responsible for analyzing the customers current data holdings to identify areas of data gaps or emerging requirements which will then drive additional targeted data acquisition to support both tactical and strategic data needs as appropriate. 
 
Various locations throughout NOVA
 
Clearance Requirements: TSSCI with Polygraph
QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience
Minimum of 10 years of experience in a major services organization, with large-scale data or project management and oversight experience. Minimum of 5 years experience supporting a large US Government organization
Results orientation, willingness to commit to a direction and drive operations to completion
Demonstrated ability to manage adversity and challenging situations
Ability to manage senior relationships across all the business and functional areas
Displays strong collaborative and people skills; function as a team player with ability to develop cooperative and constructive working relationships
Effective communication (verbal and written) with technical and non-technical personnel at all levels
Proven ability to multi-task, work independently, and be a self-starter
Demonstrates excellent analytical and critical thinking skills and pays close attention to detail
Knowledge of data governance practices, business and technology issues related to management of enterprise information assets and approaches related to data protection
Knowledge of risk data architecture and technology solutions
Proven ability to improve effective use of data across a program or organization. This includes deconfliction of data inventory lists and summaries, looking for patterns, analyzing results, and making presentations to others
Familiarity with the data available within the customer organization and broader community; understanding the needs of customers and applicability of data to their business processes; and willingness to explore creative approaches to using data
Experience in a data-centric program dealing with high volumes of diverse, multi-source collections; A demonstrated ability to ensure proper data policy, governance and data integrity is maintained.
Developing clear channels of communication. Reviewing data and working with colleagues to make sure that data is accurate. Being aware of potential weaknesses in the data when analyzing and using the data

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

Establish and govern an enterprise data governance implementation roadmap including strategic priorities for development of information-based capabilities
Roll out an enterprise wide data governance framework, with a focus on improvement of data quality and the protection of sensitive data through modifications to organization behavior policies and standards, principles, governance metrics, processes, related tools and data architecture
Serve as a liaison between customer business and functional areas and technology teams to ensure that data related business requirements for protecting sensitive data are clearly defined, communicated, and well understood and considered as part of operational prioritization and planning.
Develop  maintain inventory of the business and enterprise collection metadata, including authoritative systems, sourcing, provenance, pedigree and lineage of data
Facilitate the development and implementation of data quality standards, data protection standards and adoption requirements across the customer environment.
Define indicators of performance and quality metrics and ensure compliance with data related policies, standards, roles and responsibilities, and adoption requirements
Define roles and responsibilities related to data governance and ensure clear accountability for stewardship of the organizations principal information assets
Provide guidance to customer, both functional and senior management, to achieve their objectives; resolve issues escalated from customer functional areas or enterprise data governance representatives.
Coordinate external data sources to eliminate redundancy and streamline the expense related to those services
Develops methodologies for data collection consistent with the overall data strategy of the customer and their mission requirements
Performs analysis to determine adequacy of data collection and evaluation to each project
Ensures data management system is compliant with all relevant policies and regulations

 
 
Looking for other great opportunities? Check out Two Six Tech Opportunities for all our Companys current openings! 
Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the Two Six Tech Candidate Journey !  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  Two Six Tech News  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at Contact Two Six Tech , we are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

