Two Six Technologies is seeking a ProgramContract Support Analyst who will thrive in a dynamic, agile organization. We are a high-growth organization with unique expertise and innovative products that support missions critical to U.S. national security.
The Program Support Analyst position offers a unique and exciting career opportunity that will involve working across multiple Business Units in TST to facilitate the capture, acquisition, and onboarding of new USG contracts and programs. The ideal individual will be familiar with the USG contracting process and have experience working with DoD, Intelligence Community, and other federal agency customers. 
Our team values creativity, initiative, collaboration, and diversity. We strive for a fun and collegial atmosphere that encourages intellectual cross-pollination and professional growth.
This position is remote going into the Arlington, VA office as needed.
What you will do:

Communicating with internal TST stakeholders and external USG customers to scope and price programcontract requirements.
Coordinating with internal TST stakeholders and external USG customers to facilitate USG funding and proposal process.
Generating draft contractual and associated documents to include but not limited to Performance Work Statements, Rough Orders of Magnitude, White Papers, and price proposals.
Generating, tracking and reporting on the status of contract requirements and deliverables.
Working closely with Management, Project Leadership, Finance and Contracts.

What you will need:

Bachelors Degree or equal relevant experience and professional training.
6 years of professional experience working in the federal government or contracting space, ideally in a Program Management, capture, or contracting role.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to communicate with technical and non-technical audiences.
Excellent projecttime management, organizational, and customer service skills.
Ability to juggle and prioritize multiple tasks within a collaborative team environment
Ability to work independently with minimal directionsupervision
Ability to obtain a DoD Security Clearance

Nice if you have:

Relevant industry experience: Information Technology, Cyber Security, Electronic Systems, andor Information Operations.
Past experience or familiarity working with GSA FEDSIM

ClearanceCitizenship:

Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD security clearance

 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

