Two Six Technologies is growing and we are looking for a Contractor Program Security Officer (CPSO) for SAP programs executed out of our Arlington, VA office. The CPSO will work closely with security management and assigned program staff on all aspects of special program security. The ideal candidate will have a professional demeanor, good people skills, ability to communicate effectively, and be able to perform in a multi-tasked, dynamic environment.
This position is on-site and will work from our Arlington, VA office.
What you will do:

Interpret and enforce government and company security policies and provide direction and guidance to program personnel.
Interface with program managers and maintain liaison with US Government Program Security Officers.
Provide primesubcontractor security support and direction including the development and maintenance of DD254s and security guidance.
Develop and revise program level security plans, procedures, and instructions.
Provide classification guidance to employees, develop and provide security education and awareness training, conduct security briefings, lead security self-inspections and audits, and investigate security incidents.
Maintain inventory and document control.  Maintain proper marking, transmission, control, storage, distribution, and destruction of classified material.
Support RFPs relative to our SAP work.  
Assist with security volumes for RFPs.
Conduct annual SAP self-inspections; ensure positive Government inspection outcomes.  
Develop, coordinate, and execute Security Standard Operating Procedures for the SAPFSCIF.
Assist in preparation, review, coordination, execution of OPSEC and Transportation security plans as required.
Perform the duties of a Top-Secret Control Officer (TSCO) and the duties of a Communications Security (COMSEC) Material Custodian.
Act as a Data Transfer Agent and execute High-to-Low and Low-to-High Assured File Transfers (AFTs).
Provide support in clearance processing (PARs), visit certifications and physical security, including alarm response for controlled areas associated with special access programs.
Support to other security disciplines within the SAPSCI program to include: Personnel Security, Physical Security, Information Assurance (IA), Communications Security (COMSEC), Document Control and Visitor Control.

What you will need:

Bachelors degree or and additional 4 years of experience in lieu of degree
4 years of related security experience
In-depth knowledge of the DoD SAP Manuals, ICDs and TEMPEST and the ability to apply the knowledge of government security requirements in a complex multi-level secure environment to ensure program compliance in non-routine situations
Experience with JADE
Ability to work independently to identify, assess  resolve unique security situations with innovative solutions geared to facilitate contract performance within the bounds of security requirements
Highly proficient written and verbal communication skills with emphasis on clear and cogent presentation of complex information
Must be able to respond to after hour alarms on a rotational schedule

What we would like:

Completion of SAP Orientation or SAP Mid-Level
Active Top SecretSCI clearance

Clearance Requirements:

Candidate must have an active Top Secret clearance


Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

