We are looking for someone to join Two Six Technologies to support our Information Advantage work at a US government client and its affiliates. The Two Six Information Advantage team (TSI) drives information advantage for its government and Fortune 100 clients through the Pulse suite of products and support from tradecraft experts. We need a Project Lead who can also serve as an analyst to support our work with the client by building relationships while using our suite of products to support data collection and analysis.
What you will do:

Build a relationships with the customer to:

Understand their requirements
Understand how our product offerings can meet those requirements
Help the customer meet their mission goals using our product suite


Master the Pulse Suite of products so that you are an expert at using them to create value for customers. Specifically: 

Onboard and train customers. 
Configure the Pulse Suite to meet their needs
Use Pulses PAI monitoring and AdTech capabilities in support of customer objectives
Work with the customer to drive data collection, conduct analysis, and create visualizations to gain a better understanding of the information environment and help leaders make decisions
Field customer requests for information
Work with our data science team to put in place methods for  measuring effectiveness 


Work across Two Six team to ensure smooth delivery of the Pulse Suite 
Collaborate with our product, engineering, and data science teams to ensure our product backlog prioritizes customer needs
Maintain a regular presence at the customer site

What you will need:

Experience working directly with government customers in the national security space 
Excellent analytic skills
Ability to combine quantitative and qualitative analysis to generate insight
Excellence in communicating, including written and verbal
Ability to collaborate across teams
Ability and willingness to learn new things, particularly new technology
Ability to operate independently. A self-starter.

Nice if you have:

Experience in the information advantage domain, including best tradecraft practices
Knowledge of technologies and data used in the information advantage domain, including any of the following: PAI, data collection and analytics, natural language processing, AI, including machine learning, ad tech, mobile technologing, andor telecommunications. 
Experience providing mission support through product licenses, not just services.

ClearanceCitizenship

Active TSSCI w. Poly is required

 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

