Two Six Technologies is searching for a Technical Operations Engineer to support in Arlington VA.
Responsibilities:

Utilize SQL to develop custom data visualizations to support mission requirements.
Receives analyzes, preprocesses, and ingests data into the product data model leveraging python.
Deploy, configure, and administer product servers on unclassified and classified networks in support of the customer.
Provide customer support through the performance of on-site installation, as well as overseeing any necessary diagnoses, troubleshooting, service, and repair of systems.
Provide tactical level APP and deployment support to U.S. Government agencies and Military community utilizing defensive tools (e.g. Splunk, Security Onion, GRR, Elastic, Carbonblack, etc.).
Participate in the establishment, measurement, and achievement of customer satisfaction metrics
Perform project management function from client engagements to include identification, scheduling, tracking, and reporting
Provide client feature requests to project engineering teams and project support personnel
Develop and write documentation as required
Brief and demonstrate company projects to a variety of customers (government and non-government agencies)
Train and familiarize operators on equipment and systems developed by Two Six Technologies

Requirements:

Minimum of 5 years of Query language experience; SQL
The ability to travel greater than 15
Current Top Secret Clearance with ability to obtain a SCI
A minimum of 2 years of experience working in Cyber Mission Force (CMF) community; Cybersecurity domain experience and knowledge
LINUX experience
Virtualization experience
Willing to work with Python and Docker

Nice to Have:

Scripting using Ansible, Python, or similar dynamic languages.
Experience with DevOps andor Agile is a huge plus; Atlassian collaboration tools
Experience with Kubernetes, AWS, Docker
DoDD 8140 (former 8570) IAMIAT level II or higher certification
Government or military cyber experience


CitizenClearance:

US citizenship and currentactive Top Secret Clearance with ability to obtain and maintain TSSCI and poly. 

 
LI-PP1LI-Hybrid
Salary will be dependent upon experience based on independent evaluation. Range will be between 110,000 - 190,000 annually 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

