Two Six Technologies is seeking an experienced Lead Engineering Manager to join our team! You will work with design, development, and product management teams on delivering the newest capabilities and integrations across multiple next-generation command and control (C2) platforms for many IC and DoD customers, several of which are in operational use today.
The ideal candidate will have deep experience working as a software engineer and managing software engineering teams developing solutions that involve processing large volumes of data and providing users with interfaces for understanding and acting on that data.
Key Responsibilities

Help create optimal technical solutions, identify insufficient requirements, decompose tasks, and overcome blockers that come up as development progresses.
Work with developers organized in feature teams to come up with roadmaps for feature development and ensuring that those roadmaps are followed.

Feature teams are cross-functional and may include engineers from a variety of functional teams, including front- and back-end development, data modeling and mapping, machine learning, design, testing, deployment, and field operations

Regularly meet with other technical managers and feature teams to understand the impact of your proposed solutions, validate the approaches youve selected, and understand where certain solutions could be generalized or re-used for several features.
Ensure tasks are well decomposed and risks are well understood
Manage software engineers organized within cross-functional feature teams to deliver capabilities and integrations according to roadmaps
Be comfortable presenting technical plans and progress towards accomplishing those plans
Key point of contact as features are tested, delivered to customers, and accepted as part of their real-world workflows.


Play a key role in mentoring more junior engineers and helping align tasks with their career goals.

Minimum Qualifications:

U.S. Citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Top Secret Clearance or higher
Minimum 5 years practical experience as a software engineer
Minimum 5 years practical experience managing software engineering teams

 
Desired:

TSSCI clearance or ability to obtain one
Past experience working on mission-critical software systems
Past experience working on software platforms requiring large-scale data ingest, processing and visualization

CitizenClearance:

US citizenship and the ability to obtain and maintain a government security clearance are required up to TSSCI and poly

LI-PP1LI-Hybrid

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

