Two Six Technologies is looking to add a Lead Malware Analyst to our team. This role will be responsible for performing in depth static and dynamic analysis of complex malware.  An ideal candidate for this role will have performed reverse engineering on Windows, Mac, Linux, or mobile malware in previous roles.
This is an on-site position in Fort Meade, Maryland.
Job Responsibilities  Duties:

Perform research and analysis on complex malware families to develop technical indicators for use in threat hunting and threat mitigation
Work with client teams to categorize and develop profiles on exploitation actors through performing dynamic and static analysis of malware samples
Develop signature and heuristic detections to identify emerging threats to critical infrastructure and track existing malware activity

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems, or related field of study
5 years of experience performing malware reverse engineering
Proficiency in developing network and endpoint based detection rules for malware samples
Hold a CISSP, GREM, or CERA certification

Nice to haves:

Experience in performing protocol analysis on custom protocols used by malware families
Experience performing malware analysis and reverse engineering for US Government agencies

Clearance Requirements:

This position requires a TSSCI with polygraph


Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

