Two Six Technologies is looking to add a Senior Cryptanalytic Computer Scientist to our team. As a Cryptanalytic Computer Scientist, youll use your technical experience to solve some of the most challenging intelligence issues.
Job Responsibilities  Duties:

Use hybrid skill sets of advanced computer science, computer network engineering, electrical engineering, and mathematics to ensure solutions to the most difficult problems, taking full advantage of hardware and software capabilities.
Applying software engineering principles to design andor develop software applications
Develop and revise solutions employing algorithms and high-performance computing (HPC) techniques.
Use principles, techniques, procedures, and tools to architect and facilitate the development of hardware solutions.
Develop methods and applications for tools to exploit and analyze computer systems and network vulnerabilities.
Design and optimize algorithms, data structures, modeling, and analytics

Minimum Qualifications:

8 years relevant experience with Bachelors in related field; or6 years experience with Masters in related field; or4 years experience with a Doctoral degree in a related field; or10 years of relevant experience with an Associates degree may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience
Degree in an Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science, or related field of technical rigor
Abilitywillingness to work full-time onsite in secure government workspaces

Nice to haves:

Familiarity with cryptographic protocols and algorithms
Experience with machine learning and data analysis

Clearance Requirements:

This position requires a TSSCI with CI Poly and abilitywillingness to obtain FS Poly

LI-ZS1
LI-Onsite
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

