 
Two Six Technologies seeking an experienced and motivated Principal Data Engineer to work within a cross-functional development team focused on advancing the state-of-the-art in cyber security technology enhanced by artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Responsibilities Include:

Development of data processing pipelines focused on normalizing and fusing disparate cyber data sets. 
Transition of previously developed CRUD and Change Data Capture (CDC) services into more modular and scalable solution as our customer set continues to grow.
Redesign existing infrastructure to allow for greater scalability and performance as our computational needs continue to evolve.
Work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems.
Manage complex multi-domain data model utilized across dozens of microservices.

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field
Minimum of 7 years of relevant work experience in software development (e.g., Python, Java)
Minimum of 5 years of experience with relational databases: Postgres (preferred), MySQL, Oracle, etc.
Experience with distributed messaging systems: Kafka, Pulsar, etc.
Ability to obtain and maintain Government Security Clearance

Nice if you have:

Experience with modern event streaming design patterns
Ability to build abstracted, modularized reusable code components
An active DoD clearance (Secret or above)
Exposure to DevSecOps and Agile environments and processes
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git
Experience optimizing code for performance, scalability, and stability
Prior experience in cybersecurity
Experience with Kubernetes, AWS, Docker


Citizenship and Clearance:

US citizenship and the ability to obtain and maintain a government security clearance are required up to TSSCI and poly

 
LI-PP1
LI-Hybrid
At Two Six Technologies we are driven by innovation. We deliver technological superiority for our nation, allies, and partners by providing products and expertise to solve complex challenges across a vast area of expertise. Our team works in concert to research, design, prototype, build, and refine revolutionary technology that pushes the boundaries of whats possible. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with scientists, developers, and engineers at the forefront of their field who value creativity, curiosity, and innovation.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

