Two Six Technologies is looking for an Embedded Design Engineer (FPGAASIC) to join our team. If you have a desire to perform cutting-edge research and development on embedded devices for novel security applications, lets talk!
Minimum Requirements:

A minimum of 2 years of experience with RTL design and verification using VHDL, VerilogSystem Verilog. Open to adopt SystemVerilog.
A minimum of 2 years of experience with RTL Synthesis using a synthesis tool such as Xilinx ISE or Vivado, Intel Quartus or Microsemi Libero.
At least 2 years of experience with RTL Verification using simulation tools such as Xilinx XSim, QuestaSimModelSim, Synopsys VCS, or Cadence NCsim.
Ability to work on site in Arlington, VA.
Active Top Secret Clearance willing to obtain and maintain a Polygraph clearance

Nice to have:

Expertise in FPGA or ASIC development using SystemVerilog.
Familiarity with SoCs and design flow including place, route and timing analysis. Experience with bring-up, debug, and validation of designs in hardware.
Experience with integration, test and debug tools (Oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, logic analyzers).
Experience with interface protocols such as UART, USB, SPII2C, Ethernet, PCI-Express.
Experience with version control tool such as Git.
Familiarity with Linux OS.
Experience with C, C.
Experience with Makefile and scripting languages such as Python, Bash, and TCL.

Security Clearance:

Active Top Secret Clearance willing to obtain and maintain a Polygraph clearance


Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

