Two Six Technologies is looking for a Senior Portfolio Manager. Our team values creativity, initiative, and collaboration. We strive for a fun and collegial atmosphere that encourages intellectual cross-pollination and professional growth. In short, were passionate about empowering our customers missions and enjoy working together at the leading edge of technology!
Responsibilities Include:

Serve as the manager for a portfolio of programs within a specific business unit.
Oversee the business unit staff of direct and matrixed resources engaged in activities involved in day to day operations impacting client delivery
Develop and manage standards and methods related to a performance measurement framework focusing on key performance indicators (KPI).
Actively participate in and lead technical design aspects, and test and implementation phases, of research programs and productized solutions focused on advancing CBRN detection, response, and adjudication technologies
Lead CBRN product research and development technical efforts
Create and maintain strategic opportunities to field research program technologies
Design and develop custom integration, testing, and deployment solutions for experimental technologies related to CBRN Detection and Response
Work directly with US Government RD customers for agencies such as DARPA, DHS, DTRA, and others

Minimum Qualifications

Minimum of 7 years experience supporting the Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
Minimum of 3 years of experience managing complex IDIQ contracts
Bachelors degree

Nice If You Have:

Masters Degree or Ph.D. in the Chemical and Biological domain.
Experience participating in experimental programs developing CBRN Detection and Response technologies
Experience with fielding new, innovative technologies, and training field personnel on new systems and tools

ClearanceCitizenship:
TS Clearance w SCI Eligibility

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

