Two Six Technologies is looking to add a Malware Reverse Engineer to our team. As a Reverse Engineer, youll use your technical experience to solve some of the most challenging intelligence issues.
Job Responsibilities  Duties:

Perform technical analysis of malicious binaries through controlled execution andor static analysis of assembly code, overcoming techniques designed to defeat analysis, in order to ascertain functionality, capability, call-backs, assist with attribution to adversary infrastructure, and identification of indicators of compromise. 
Provide information and documentation that enables malware detection, signature creation, and mitigation.
Use expertise in malware reverse engineering and analysis to evaluate and analyze complex malicious code through the use of tools, including dissemblers, debuggers, hex editors, un-packers, virtual machines, and network sniffers. 
Conduct reverse-engineering for known and suspected malware files. 
Investigate instances of malicious code to determine attack vector and payload, and to determine the extent of damage and data exfiltration.

Minimum Qualifications:

5 years relevant experience with Bachelors in related field; or3 years experience with Masters in related field; or2 years experience with a Doctoral degree in a related field; or7 years of relevant experience and an Associates may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience
Degree in an Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science, or related field of technical rigor
CISSP, GIAC, GREM, or CREA Certification
Abilitywillingness to work full-time onsite in secure government workspaces

Clearance Requirements:

This position requires a TSSCI with FS Poly

LI-ZS1
LI-Onsite
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

