Two Six Technologies is looking to add a Lead Research Mathematician to our team. This role will be responsible for developing and deploying analytic methods and solutions to challenging client problems.  This role requires the use of complex logic and mathematical reasoning to deliver results to the team.
This position is on-site at Fort Meade, Maryland.
Job Responsibilities  Duties:

Develop analytic methods and algorithmic solutions to derive meaningful information from structured and unstructured data sets
Perform research and development to create solutions for difficult computational problems 
Perform modeling and simulation activities to identify potential outcomes of different analytical methodologies within the clients environment.

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science
Must have 24 credit hours of advanced mathematics as part of the degree program
Experience in the design, development, and use of mathematical models, methods, or techniques to study complex issues and problems
TSSCI wPoly

Nice to haves:

Experience working on complex mathematical or analytic problems within the federal government space
Advanced degrees in mathematics or related fields
Experience developing algorithms to solve complex problems in data analysis

Clearance Requirements:

This position requires a TSSCI with polygraph


Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

