Trusted Concepts , A Division of Two Six Technologies is seeking a Systems Engineering Manager for our Herndon, VA location.  The ideal candidate will be able to thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative software delivery environment and has an array of skills within the systems engineering discipline with the ability to display leadership and guidance to the team. This position will require systems engineering expertise and leadership within a multi-faceted team, where the individual is willing to provide a myriad of tasking to support the mission and be willing to learn new technology and methodologies as the program evolves.
Required Knowledge Skills:

Requirements decomposition for a cloud based software program using program plans, roadmaps, features, stories and subtasks. 
Expert knowledge of Agile Development ceremonies and the ability to perform planning and lead team to successful execution of well documented agile releasesevents with provenability to increase team velocity.  
Strong demonstration of customer intimacy and the ability to understand, support and empower team to deliver on customer missionpriorities.
Generate technical documentation, briefings, or training material and the ability to brief at all levels
Team focus, willing to develop and implement solutions in a dispersed team environment

Keys for Success:

BS in a relevant engineering field, or 5 years of experience
Systems Engineering background delivering within Intelligence Community client set
Strong written and oral communication skills
Experience with Agile software development process 

Bonus Points:

Background working with Jira and Confluence
Experience with multi-INT data missions andor SIGINT collection and spacecraft

 
Clearance: Requires Top SecretSCI clearance with Active Polygraph.
 
 
Looking for other great opportunities? Check out Two Six Tech Opportunities for all our Companys current openings! 
Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the Two Six Tech Candidate Journey !  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  Two Six Tech News  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at Contact Two Six Tech , we are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.
 
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

