Two Six Technologies is looking to add a Senior Vulnerability Analyst to our team. This role will be responsible for identifying and determining attack paths on a given system to develop effective mitigations and detection mechanisms.  A strong candidate for this role will have performed vulnerability research or vulnerability analysis for the purpose of securing networks from attack.
This is an on-site position in Fort Meade, Maryland.
Job Responsibilities  Duties:

Perform vulnerability analysis on both hardware and software systems to determine effective attack paths and mitigation
Work with client teams to develop detection and mitigation logic for use in protecting specified information systems
Produce formal and informal reports, briefings, and your expert analysis of attack paths against the systems or technology being studied

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems, or related field of study
Five years of professional experience in performance of vulnerability analysis 
Proficiency in developing network and endpoint based detection rules for both zero and n day vulnerabilities in a technical system

Nice to haves:

Experience in performing protocol analysis and network detection development for a large corporate network
Hands on experience developing analytics and detection logic for Department of Defense agencies
A history of performing fuzzing or exploit development against computer applications or hardware systems

Clearance Requirements:

This position requires a TSSCI with polygraph


Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

