Position Details
Two Six is looking for an Operations Analyst to join our team. Operations Analysts are expected to provide technical, tradecraft, and subject matter expertise as well as hands-on operational and analytic support to customers using our Pulse platform. This position will be onsite inaround Wiesbaden, Germany.
Responsibilities Include:

Integrate TSTs Pulse product into the planning and execution of operations, from tactical to strategic
Use Pulse to creatively answer holistic and qualitative information requirements and visualize data within the online information environment
Work side by side with the customer and train them to effectively use Pulse and add value to their mission operations
Design and execute Engagement campaigns in support of customer requirements
Act as a liaison between Two Six and our customers
Promote Pulse and Two Six in a variety of locations, and to a variety of customer types
Write Executive Summaries or other deliverables that articulate capabilities employed, measures of performance, measures of effectiveness, and tactical to strategic impact within an identified region or topic of interest.

Minimum Qualifications:

Minimum of 8 years of experience as an Data Analyst, Information Operations planner, Psychological Operations planner, or Intelligence Analyst
Familiarity with data analysis and open source information tools
Ability to analyze and visualize data in a way that tells a story and helps analysts, planners, and leaders make decisions

Nice If You Have: 

Prior experience working in a military or USG environment
Ability to independently deliver support and training to customers in a self-driven work environment

Clearance Requirements:

Active TS Clearance with SCI Eligibility 


Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

