Trusted Concepts, a division of Two Six Technologies, is seeking an energetic Vulnerability Research  Reverse Engineering (VRRE) Developer specializing in Virtualization. This role is technical at its core  you will develop new capabilities whose enabling knowledge is found in program analysis, binary patching, and finding security vulnerabilities in systems.
You will be analyzing systems to recognize how they work and developing innovative technologies to create solutions to difficult cyber challenges. You will also need to exhibit agility as part of an energetic research team of vulnerability researchers, exploit development specialists, reverse engineers, developers, and testers. To hit the ground running, you shall have low-level mobile or embedded device vulnerability research skills, particularly highlighting security of applications, firmware, and hardware. 
Clearance Requirement:

Active TSSCI willing to obtain a Polygraph

Responsibilities Include:

Provide security engineering of mobile devices, wireless systems and its protocols
Utilize Python, C or C for scriptingautomating and tooling for various VRRE tasks
Identifying exploitable vulnerabilities, memory corruption, integer overflows, and logical flaws

Minimum Qualifications:

Minimum of three years experience of Cyber focused software development  
Minimum of three years of experience with C, C, and Python programmingscripting languages  
Experience in Virtualization 
Solid practice performing Software Configuration Management
Professional hands-on experience with reverse engineering, vulnerability research and exploitation on Linux Platforms

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out Two Six Tech Opportunities for all our Companys current openings! 
Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the Two Six Tech Candidate Journey !  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  Two Six Tech News  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at Contact Two Six Tech , we are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.
Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. The information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

