Our Electronic Systems team, which focuses on Forward  Reverse engineering, FPGA development, Vulnerability  Malware Research, Applied Mathematics, Formal Methods and Cryptographic Protocols, is seeking Research Interns to join us for Summer 2023! 
Two Six Technologies is seeking Research Intern:
Responsibilities:

Participate in cutting-edge research, and be encouraged to publish results
Build deployable and scalable systems that solve real-world problems
Be paired with a lab buddy, who will encourage and support your professional growth
Present an end-of-internship project 

Minimum Qualifications:

Pursuing a degree in CS, EE, Math, Statistics or a related field
Familiar with a modern programming language (CC, C, Java, Python, JavaScript, etc.)
Strong communication skills and a willingness to build team culture and capabilities

 Must have at least ONE of the following:

Machine learning, natural language processing, computer vision, or data visualization
Mobile and embedded system development or architecture (Android, ARM, wireless, etc.)
Large scale data processing, such as Hadoop, Spark, or Cassandra
Program analysis, reverse engineering, vulnerability research, cryptographic protocols
Fundamental understanding of networking protocols, operating systems, or kernels
Hacking skills (memory corruption, rootkits, MetaSploit, nmap, etc.)

Nice to Have:

Experience in a challenging RD environment
Publications or patents of prior intellectual contributions
Active Secret Clearance

ClearanceCitizenship:

US Citizenship is required.
Ability to obtain a secret clearance

This is a 10 Week Program. This internship is 100 on-site located at HQ in Arlington, VA.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

