We are looking for someone to join Two Six Technologies to lead our Information Advantage work at a US government client and its affiliates. The Two Six Information Advantage team (TSI) drives information advantage for its government and Fortune 100 clients through the Pulse suite of products and support from tradecraft experts. We need an account executive who will lead and grow our work with the client by understanding 1) client mission needs, 2) Pulse capabilities, and 3) best-of-class tradecraft and combining the three to deliver value in a business-viable way. 
What you will do:

Curating a keen understanding of clients mission needs
Developing and maintaining a deep understanding of the Pulse suite of capabilities and associated tradecraft
Leading the team of project managers, integrators, analysts, and data scientists to deliver value to the client through the Pulse suite of tools
Ensuring 100 renewal of existing programs, and managing the programs profitably
Growing TSI engagement with the client and its affiliates. This can include sales of existing products and support as well as working with our product team to develop new capabilities for the client. 
Working with and representing other Two Six business units to the clients. This requires developing and maintaining an understanding of the other Two Six products and support offerings. 
Identifying growth opportunities for Two Six capabilities at the clients and working with the relevant business units to facilitate. 
Identifying transition opportunities for projects from our research portfolio. This requires a working knowledge of projects in the RD pipeline. 

What you will need:

Experience working directly with government clients in the national security space andor US State Department 
Demonstrated business acumen to run and grow successful government programs as measured by customer satisfaction and profitability
Demonstrated ability to work and communicate with the most senior leaders at the client, as well as the people who support them
Experience in the information advantage domain, including best tradecraft practices
Knowledge of technologies used in the information advantage domain, ad tech, mobile technologing, and.or telecommunications. Other relevant technologies include data collection and analytics, natural language processing, AI, including machine learning. 
Demonstrated excellence in communicating, including written and verbal
Demonstrated ability to build and work across teams
Demonstrated ability and willingness to learn new things and manage through change

Nice if you have:

Experience providing mission support through product licenses, not just services. 
Experience working with RD teams to transition tech to customer use
Experience managing USG programs and contracts

ClearanceCitizenship

Active TSSCI w. Poly is required

 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

