Two Six Technologies, a Carlyle Group portfolio company, is seeking a Market Analyst Intern as a part of the Corporate Product Innovation team.  We are searching for a candidate highly motivated to impact growth plans with impactful analysis of market opportunities for our technologies and product capabilities in the U.S. Government space.
The Market Analyst intern will participate and work with our product innovation and go-to-market teams as well as Two Six business unit product leaders to develop quantitative and qualitative analyses.  This position will report to the Corporate VP of Product.
Qualifications:

Bachelors Degree (preferably in a technical field such as engineering or CS)
Preferred MBA Candidate, andor 2-4 years of market analysis experience in technology fields

Key Responsibilities:

Build an awareness and understanding of current products and cutting edge research being conducted at Two Six Technology
Assess the market for innovative technologies and product capabilities
Analyze various data sources to uncover customer requirements and technology adoption trends
Assist the product teams in understanding and qualifying business growth opportunities
Identify potential competitors and risk factors and how best to address 
Develop financial and risk models to quantify growth opportunities for current and future products
Develop and present work product in the form of white papers, presentations and models to inform stakeholders and support recommendations
Other general business related tasks as assigned.

Skills:

Innovative thinker - seeking new ways to apply data, market intelligence, and other information to benefit both the company and industry
Highly organized with excellent communication skills to engage with a variety of commercial and technical stakeholders at all levels of the organization
Ability to create their own air-speed and independently design, execute and deliver on projects while keeping stakeholders informed
Flexibility to deal with shifting priorities and areas of focus
Highly collaborative with strong teaming and interpersonal skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Experience in Market Research and Analysis
Proficient in Google Docs, Slides and Sheets (or MS equivalent)


Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

