Two Six Technologies is seeking an experienced and motivated Scrum Master to work within a cross-functional development team focused on advancing the state-of-the-art in cyber security technology enhanced by artificial intelligence and machine learning. The Scrum Master will lead the scrum team working daily with the developers and testers and is responsible for gathering requirements from end users and partner organizations as part of a fast-paced, high exposure project. Using tools like JIRA and Confluence, youll strengthen sustainable process improvements to help your team accomplish requirement gathering, backlog grooming, estimation, and sprint reviews.Responsibilities will include:

Lead scrum teams, providing vision and direction to the Agile development team and stakeholders throughout the project
Understand and facilitate daily Scrum ceremonies, stand up meetings, sprint demos,  sprint meetings.
Sprint review, planning, and retrospective
Provide an active role in mitigating impediments impacting successful team completion of ReleaseSprint Goals

Minimum requirements:

U.S. Citizenship with active secret security clearance and with willingness and the ability to obtain and maintain required clearance up to TSSCI and a Polygraph
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field
3 years of experience as a Scrum Master working with agile tools including Jira or Confluence
5 years of experience with Agile software development life cycle (SDLC) projects
Proficient with creating presentations with MS Office applications: Excel, MS Project, Visio, Word, and PowerPoint
Must be willing to be on site in Arlington VA office 4-5 times per week. 

 
An ideal candidate will also have:

An active DoD clearance strongly preferred (Top Secret or above)
Certified Scrum Master certification (CSM) or other scrum related certifications is highly preferred
SAFe Certification
Ideal candidate would have experience working with customers and end users in a SAFe software development project
Experience with Test Case Management (TCM) tools such as zephyr, TestRail, or Xray)


CitizenClearance:

US citizenship and active DoD Secret security clearance and with the ability to obtain and maintain a government security clearance are required up to TSSCI and poly


LI-PP1LI-Hybrid
At Two Six Technologies we are driven by innovation. We deliver technological superiority for our nation, allies, and partners by providing products and expertise to solve complex challenges across a vast area of expertise. Our team works in concert to research, design, prototype, build, and refine revolutionary technology that pushes the boundaries of whats possible. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with scientists, developers, and engineers at the forefront of their field who value creativity, curiosity, and innovation.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

