 
Trusted Concepts, A Division of Two Six Technologies is currently seeking a UI Developer for our Chantilly VA location. This candidate is responsible for the development of innovative, engaging and effective UIUX and JavaScript programming. The ideal candidate should possess the ability to think critically and have knowledge of current visual and interaction design principles while performing within a team environment.Our team values creativity, initiative, and collaboration. We strive for a collegial atmosphere that encourages intellectual cross-pollination and professional growth. In short, were passionate about empowering our customers missions and enjoy working together at the leading edge of technology!
 
Required Qualifications:


6  years of experience
JavaScript required.  Java is desirable.
Framework experience required such as VUE.js, Angular or React.  VUE.js preferred.
Ability to work with the front end and middle tier desirable but not required.
Work closely with the product team to chart our roadmap forward and enhance usability
Be a part of the development team to support and maintain existing production code and develop new and exciting products to our client base
Evaluate user stories and acceptance criteria to validate front-end coding and influence story or acceptance criteria to get stronger development solutions
Stay current on new technologies as they relate to web-based application development and user interface design
Participate in code reviews and internal team scrums

 
Clearance: Active TSSCI with Polygraph

 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

