Two Six Technologies is seeking Summer Interns to join projects supporting our IKE team. Interns will have the opportunity to support a product in the various phases of the Software Development Lifecycle including front-end development, testing, backend development, deployment, and more.
Minimum Qualifications:

Pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field
Familiar with a modern programming language (CC, C, Java, Python, JavaScript, etc.)
 Familiar with the software development life cycle and version control.
Must have experience or coursework with at least ONE of the following:

Computer architecture, digital design
Large scale data processing, such as Hadoop, Spark, or Cassandra
Software designdevelopmentmaintenance
Database design
Docker, Kubernetes, container orchestration and communication
Selenium, TestNG, JUnit, Spring, GitHub


Clearance:

Candidate must be able to obtain and maintain a clearance
Examples from previous internships can be found here: https:twosixtech.comanalyzing-the-impact-of-weather-events-on-internet-disruptions

This internship is 100 on-site located at HQ in Arlington, VA.
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

