Trusted Concepts, A Division of Two Six Technologies is looking for Software Developers interested in working on our Cyber programs. These programs consist of mission driven development with direct feedback from stakeholders. Each task order is affiliated with a specific mission need, not contributing to shelfware. New opportunities are always coming available and each applicant will be considered on a continuing basis. Positions are available in Chantilly, VA, Herndon, VA, and Arlington, VA. 
Clearance Required: Active Top Secret
Keys for Success:

Programming Languages  CC andor Python 
Operating Systems  Windows and Linux user andor kernel space development
Software Version Control - Experience using Git 

Bonus points if you have experience in:

Software reverse engineering  IDA Pro, Ghidra, disassembly tools
Networking  networking stack, TCP and UDP protocols
Cryptography  TLS, PKCS
Debugging  GDB, WinDbg, OllyDbg, Valgrind, Visual Studio
Embedded - familiarity with any RTOS and embedded systems

 
 
Looking for other great opportunities? Check out Two Six Tech Opportunities for all our Companys current openings! 
Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the Two Six Tech Candidate Journey !  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  Two Six Tech News  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at Contact Two Six Tech , we are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

