Two Six Technologies is seeking a Lead Vulnerability Researcher to support our growing team in Arlington, Virginia. You will work with a range of clients supporting national security missions. You will become a trusted advisor while learning and performing valuable technical and industry skills. This role is technical along with in-depth reverse engineering and exploit development you will transition those findings into capabilities.
Job Responsibilities  Duties

Collaborate with team to align capability development roadmaps and complete transfer of vulnerability research prototypes into production environments
perform reverse engineering and vulnerability analysis, informing operational parameters for complex system
Conducting in-depth reverse engineering and vulnerability analysis across various architectures and platforms
Modeling and analyzing in-memory compiled application behavior to answer customer requirements 
Assist with the forward development of technical solutions

Qualifications  Skills- Required:

Bachelors (or higher) degree in computer science, engineering, or a related field (solid knowledge in RE or VR may substitute for a specific degree)
Minimum 5 years of experience in firmware development using low-level programming languages (C and at least one assembly language), scripting languages (e.g., Python), and the nix command line
Minimum 5 years of experience with common disassemblersdecompilers and reverse engineering tools (IDA, Ghidra, Binary Ninja) 
Active US Security clearance of Top Secret level and ability to obtain and maintain SCI
Must be willing to obtain and maintain a Polygraph clearance

Nice If You Have

Strong familiarity with cybersecurity principles and a strong interest in providing guidance to program staff
Experience with software reverse engineering concepts: static analysis, dynamic analysis, fuzzing techniques creating intellectual capital, white papers, blogs, etc. to maintain existing and expand new business.
Familiarity with building or securing embedded devices, other digital systems, and embedded binary reverse engineering (ARM, RTOS, etc.)
Familiarity with basic cryptography design and implementation concepts
Previous experience in a client-facing technical role


Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

