Two Six Technologies is seeking a Principal Vulnerability Researcher to support our programs at our Dayton, Ohio office. This role is technical at its core  along with in-depth reverse engineering and exploit development you will transition those findings into capabilities.
You will be a key player in a small fast paced team, owning your own projects and developing client relationships. Leading the technicalfunctional planning and execution of highly visible project(s)including staffing, scheduling, and deliverables. You will have numerous opportunities to define your work.
Job Responsibilities  Duties

Given the technical nature of this role, experience in computer science, computer engineering, or a similar field is required. Significant proven experience in reverse engineering (RE) or vulnerability research (VR) can show your fit even if your background is outside of one of these fields.
You should be comfortable taking on complex technical problems for which there is often no known answer. You should be comfortable with ambiguity and forging your own path; our small team setting will provide you opportunity for outsized impact. You will possess a demonstrated track record of success in inspiring creativity and resourcefulness to a wide range of difficult problems with thorough solutions. Provides technicalfunctional mentorship, guidance and expertise to project, program and functional staff.

Qualifications  Skills- Required:

Bachelors (or higher) degree in computer science, engineering, or a related field (solid knowledge in RE or VR may substitute for a specific degree)
Minimum 9 years of experience firmware development using low-level programming languages (C and at least one assembly language), scripting languages (e.g., Python), and the nix command line
Strong familiarity with cybersecurity principles and a strong interest in providing guidance to program staff
Minimum 5 years of experience with common disassemblersdecompilers and reverse engineering tools (IDA, Ghidra, Binary Ninja)
Experience with software reverse engineering concepts: static analysis, dynamic analysis, fuzzing techniques
Active US Security clearance of Top Secret level and ability to obtain and maintain TSSCI.
Must be willing to obtain and maintain a Polygraph clearance

Nice to have, but not expected:

Experience creating intellectual capital, white papers, blogs, etc. to maintain existing and expand new business.
Familiarity with Binary Ninja API or Ghidra scripting
Familiarity building or securing embedded devices and other digital systems
Familiarity with embedded binary reverse engineering (ARM, RTOS, etc.)
Familiarity with basic cryptography design and implementation concepts
Previous experience in a client-facing technical role

LI-ZS1
LI-ONSITE
   

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

