Trusted Concepts, a division of Two Six Technologies is currently seeking a Reverse Software Engineer for our Arlington VA site. The ideal candidate will have the background and skillset to perform research on involved software applications. This research will encompass studying and analyzing software programs ,using developer tools to parse code, and create quality solutions.
 Clearance Requirements: 

TSSCI

Required Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in computer science or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work experience
Minimum of five years experience with CC
Professional experience with x86_64 assembly language
Experience with Software Reverse engineering
Hands on experience with source control tools to include Git
Development experience with both Windows and Linux

Desired Experience:

Proficiency with Python and Go
Experience with designdevelopment methodologies
Experience with scripting Ghidra and IDA Pro
Kernel driver development experience for Windows or Linux Operating Systems
Vulnerability Research and Exploit Development Experience
Windows Kernel Development Experience
Experience with automated testing frameworks

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out Two Six Tech Opportunities for all our Companys current openings! 
Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the Two Six Tech Candidate Journey !  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  Two Six Tech News  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at Contact Two Six Tech , we are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.
 
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

