Two Six Technologies is looking to add a Lead Data Scientist to our team. As a Data Scientist, youll use your technical experience to solve some of the most challenging intelligence issues around data.
Job Responsibilities  Duties:

Devise strategies for extracting meaning and value from large datasets. 
Make and communicate principled conclusions from data using elements of mathematics, statistics, computer science, and application specific knowledge. 
Through analytic modeling, statistical analysis, programming, andor another appropriate scientific method, develop and implement qualitative and quantitative methods for characterizing, exploring, and assessing large datasets in various states of organization, cleanliness, and structure that account for the unique features and limitations inherent in data holdings. 
Translate practical needs and analytic questions related to large datasets into technical requirements and, conversely, assist others with drawing appropriate conclusions from the analysis of such data. 
Effectively communicate complex technical information to non-technical audiences.

Minimum Qualifications:

15 years relevant experience with Bachelors in related field; or10 years experience with Masters in related field; or8 years experience with a Doctoral degree in a related field; or17 years of relevant experience and an Associates may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience
Degree in an Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Applied Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science, Operations Research, or Computer Science, or related field of technical rigor
Abilitywillingness to work full-time onsite in secure government workspaces
Note: A broader range of degrees will be considered if accompanied by a Certificate in Data Science from an accredited collegeuniversity.

Clearance Requirements:

This position requires a TSSCI with FS Poly

LI-ZS1
LI-Onsite
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

