 
Trusted Concepts, a division of Two Six Technologies, is seeking a Network Engineer.  In this role you will be responsible for maintaining the design and the integrity of the customers complex internal network, including customer-facing hosted and cloud environments.  You will provide expert technical assistance to team members with high-level system and networking request, as well as secure and manage network infrastructures to protect productivity, mitigate threats, and reduce costs.  This role will be responsible for designing, implementation and testing complex infrastructure in support of our customer needs.
 
Clearance requirements: TSSCI with Active Polygraph
 
 
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGESKILLS:

Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical training, or workmilitary experience
10 years of experience with architecting and designing IP networks and associated technologies.
In-depth understanding of networking to include routing, switching, network monitoring and management.
Strong troubleshooting skills specific to network connectivity, security, and ability to effectively work in cross functional teams as needed to resolve issues.
NextGen Firewall Experience
Background in Cisco ACI design, planning, implementation, and testing, based on a multi datacenter configurations.
Ability to research and find new and innovative technologies to enhance the existing network
Define network strategy with respect to technology domain standards and design goals
Provide technical design and architectural leadership, including documenting and diagramming the logical, physical and process views
Experience analyzing network traffic, using a variety of network tools to assess security-related events to assist in rapid identification and isolation of issues during incidents and outages
Experience in designing, configuring, implementing, and troubleshooting these various network technologies and protocols
Experience designing, deploying, and maintaining boundary security solutions and exposure to enterprise network architecture
Good knowledge and hands-on experience with VXLANEVPN

 
 
DESIRED KNOWLEDGESKILLS:

Experience with Network Access Control and Segmentation
Experience with security compliance standards
Experience with site-to-site VPNs andor remote access VPNs
Network programmability for automating network tasks (Ansible, Puppet, Chef, Python, Rest APIs)
Experience with Data Center and co-location solutions as they relate to SDN architecture and Design
Experience configuringadministrating various network technologies including: Cisco ACI, Cisco DCNM, OTV, VMware NSX
Demonstrated experience designing and implementing network reference architecture from mission requirements gathering to technology rollout oversight, including capacity management, technology selection, integration of multiple tools and technical documentation
Familiarity with Software defined networking (SDN) Network Disaggregation technologies and methodologies along with open source solutions
Ability to brief complex information to senior leadership
Familiarity with Software defined networking (SDN) Network Disaggregation technologies and methodologies along with open source solutions
Drive enhancements through full life-cycle from concept to final implementation and support
SME for SDN engagements built around Cisco ACI

 
 
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Installation and maintenance of network equipment
Troubleshooting and resolution of network issues
Design network architectures based on customer requirements and industry best practices
Development of unique solutions that will meet customer requirements and industry best practices
Collaborate effectively with other IT disciplines (e.g., Storage, Platform, Application) to troubleshoot and resolve complex problems
Develop and maintain configurations plans for Cisco ACI design, planning, implementation, and testing, based on a multi datacenter configurations
Create architectural design solutions and successfully present them to client stakeholders.
Work with infrastructure engineers to identify new products and solutions
Document maintenance for all computer systems and network infrastructure
Maintain systems and documentation as needed for audits and compliance
Communications with customers: keeping them  informed of incident progress, notifying of impending changes, or coordinated outages
Be available for other engineers and coach them to resolution

Looking for other great opportunities? Check out Two Six Tech Opportunities for all our Companys current openings! 
Ready to make the first move towards growing your career? If so, check out the Two Six Tech Candidate Journey !  This will give you step-by-step directions on applying, what to expect during the application process, information about our rich benefits and perks along with our most frequently asked questions.  If you are undecided and would like to learn more about us and how we are contributing to essential missions, check out our  Two Six Tech News  page!  We share information about the tech world around us and how we are making an impact!  Still have questions, no worries!  You can reach us at Contact Two Six Tech , we are happy to connect and cover the information needed to assist you in reaching your next career milestone.

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

