Job ID: 904
Were looking for someone to join the Media Manipulation Monitor (M3) team as we decipher complex information operations (IO) for discerning US government and Fortune 50 clients. M3 decodes the Chinese and Russian governments manipulation of the global information space, and we need a regional Subject Matter Expert (SME) to help our clients make sense of the Chinese governments IO in East  Southeast Asia.
What youll do
As a SME intern at M3, you will be responsible for curating and analyzing data about Chinese IO in East  Southeast Asia while providing broader support to the SME team. Youll bring expertise in regional political dynamics, proficiency in a local language (slight preference for Tagalog), understanding of the regional social media landscape, and interest in data analytics. Youll work with M3s team of SMEs to deliver written analysis to our list of elite clients, applying your expertise to help solve some of the most important foreign policy questions facing the US Government today. 
In this position, youll work with our team of SMEs to:

Maintain several of M3s customer-facing products, including our website and data platforms.
Use data analytics platforms and proprietary data science tools to identify IO trends and anomalous events, then interpret these findings for clients.
Identify and analyze how narratives and propaganda campaigns spread on social media platforms in target regions and languages.
Write weekly, client-facing analysis or summaries analyzing Chinese IO and current events in East  Southeast Asia.
Research and explore new data sources in English and relevant regional languages, using your proficiency in those languages, such as Tagalog, and machine translation.
Work with our data scientists and engineers to refine and develop analytic tools.
Embody analytic excellence and consistently challenge our teams assumptions.

More about the role
At Two Six, we strive to solve problems collaboratively, innovate and respond to feedback. We always seek to include, thank, celebrate, and be kind to our team members. As an East  Southeast Asia SME intern, you will embody these values, working independently and with your team to tackle challenging problems with cutting-edge technology.

This is a paid, part-time internship position, lasting for six (6) months. The start date is flexible, though we are targeting late October or early November.
We are looking for someone to work approximately 20 hours per week, with some flexibility about schedule, allowing for attendance at some team meetings and working around our production schedule.  
This position is fully remote, just like the rest of the M3 team. Our normal business hours tend to align with the East Coast, but we are flexible and we work with teammates and clients around the world.
Youll work with members of our Data Science, Engineering, and Product teams to iterate on and improve our collection, data analytics, and content production processes. 
That said, we do not expect our SMEs to be expert coders. We train all SMEs in quantitative methods and AIML tools, and create space for them to hone their ability to work with complex technical systems. 
This roles work is unclassified and no clearance is required, though all applicants must meet the requirements to hold a US security clearance.

What were looking for in a East  Southeast Asia SME Intern
Here are some of the skills and requirements youll need to dive into the role:

Strong writing skills, especially with crafting concise analytic summaries of data.
Professional reading proficiency (ILR 3 equivalent or higher) in one or more languages of East or Southeast Asia, with a preference for Tagalog. 
Experience living, working, andor studying in East or Southeast Asia, with a preference for Southeast Asia.
Strong understanding of East and Southeast Asias traditional and social media environment.
Knowledge of East and Southeast Asian nations relations with foreign powers, especially China and the US.
Demonstrated initiative and problem solving skills.
Great organization, attention to detail, ability to work independently and meet deadlines.
Proficiency in office technology, including Google Drive, Google Docs, Microsoft Office, and video call software.

Other nice-to-haves include: 
Members of our SME team have different expertise and come from a wide range of backgrounds. Wed love to hear what makes you uniquely able to serve our customers. Some of the qualities that might help you stand out include:

A passion for communicating findings visually with charts, graphics, and design.
Love of solving problems with data. This can include—but is not limited to—turning to Python or R to scrape, clean, and analyze data.
A futurist in analysis, with exposure to elasticsearchELK Stack, machine learning, or natural language processing.
Broad exposure to the US government and a passion for mission.
Collaboration with teams of diverse, cross-functional specialities and a love for integrating the best that each brings to the table.

Clearance Requirements:

Eligibility for Security clearance

Location

100 Remote

LI-JS1
LI-Remote
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

