Two Six Technologies is looking to add a Cryptologic Computer Scientist to our team. As a Cryptologic Computer Scientist, youll use your technical experience to solve some of the most challenging intelligence issues.
 
Job Responsibilities  Duties:

Use encompassing skill sets within the computer science discipline to design, develop, deliver and operate solutions to hard cryptologic computer science problems within a scientific framework; solutions may arise in the forms of forensics and attack attribution, protection of critical networks, active systems warnings and indicator, active penetration into target systems, knowledge discovery of passive and active systems, or other cryptologic computer science mission support.
Ensure solutions to the most difficult problems, taking full advantage of hardware and software capabilities.
Applying software engineering principles to design andor develop software applications
Design and optimize algorithms, data structures, modeling, and analytics for state-of-the-art techniques and tools and approaches.

Minimum Qualifications:

5 years relevant experience with Bachelors in related field; or3 years experience with Masters in related field; or2 years experience with a Doctoral degree in a related field; or7 years of relevant experience with an Associates degree may be considered for individuals with in-depth experience
Degree in an Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science, or related field of technical rigor


Relevant experience with operating systems, compiler theory, database theory, algorithm analysis, computer architecture, discrete math, programming language theory, and data structure


Abilitywillingness to work full-time onsite in secure government workspaces

Nice to haves:

Experience with machine learning and data analysis

Clearance Requirements:

This position requires a TSSCI with FS Poly

LI-ZS1
LI-Onsite
 

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

