 
Two Six Technologies is seeking an RF Engineer to support a variety of groundbreaking RD programs. We are interested in candidates with RF electronics design experience, RF protocol design and analysis, and software-defined radio (SDR) experience. Prior experience with reverse engineering and antenna design is desired but not required. The ideal candidate will serve as an RF SME to reverse engineer systems and develop RF applications.  
Responsibilities:

Work with multi-disciplinary teams to reverse engineer complex systems
Design and build RF communication systems
Provide technical updates to leadership and external sponsors
Lead challenging RF research problems 

Requirements:

A bachelors degree in Computer Science, ComputerElectrical Engineering, or a related Scientific Domain
Minimum of 2 years of experience designing RF electronics
Experience developing software for SDRs
Experience with Cellular and 4G5G networking knowledge
Active US Security clearance and ability to obtain and maintain SCI

Nice to have:

An advanced degree (Masters or Ph D.) in Computer Science, ComputerElectrical Engineering, or related Scientific Domain
Reverse engineering concepts: static analysis, dynamic analysis, fuzzing techniques
RF systems experience such as link budget analysis, protocol analysis, and wave propagation modeling
Telecom and modem based work
Antenna design experience
Desire to tackle extremely challenging problems

ClearanceCitizenship:

Secret clearance is required with the ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Top Secret security clearance and Polygraph

LI-AB1
onsite

Two Six Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race (including traits historically associated with race, such as hair texture, hair type and protective hair styles (e.g., braids, twists, locs and twists)), color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions and lactation), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age (40 and over), marital status, disability, genetic information, and protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. 
If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to accomodationstwosixtech.com. Information provided will be kept confidential and used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
Additionally, please be advised that this business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices.
EOE, including disabilityvets. 
By submitting the following application, I hereby certify that to the best of my knowledge, the information provided is true and accurate.

