We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unity is looking for a Senior Director, Product Management to lead our Unity Ads Product Management Organization. Based in EMEA, the mission of this role is to set the product strategy, vision, and goals for our advertising org and nurture a high-performing product team. This team is pivotal for the growth of our overall EMEA market and is responsible for delivering some of our biggest goals in 2024. Product suites under direct management include AI  machine learning, backend, frontend (dashboardUX), and other micro services that together deliver our User Acquisition and Growth capabilities. Work this team does will also extend into the IronSource network.
You will manage a team of top-tier product leaders, growing them and driving the organization to deliver against developer happiness and services adoption KPIs. You will drive the organizations product vision, coordinate and support the teams in their execution, and transparently communicate across a range of internal and external partners. You will play a pivotal role in key hiring within the organization as the product division grows over time. Finally, you will champion game developers of all sizes globally as they scale up their player base.
What youll be doing 

Lead and develop a team of product leaders and product managers
Own and drive the vision for the Unity Ads Product team, organizing the product teams and engineering resourcing to best deliver products to market
Define pivotal strategy and investment decisions that directly contribute to our success in next 2 to 5 years, including planning joint strategic initiatives with ironSource to create further leverage
Drive key strategic product direction and form factor, working across levels and influencing teams towards a common goal in the most critical areas
Establish processes across design, research, and development to enable product development teams in delivering product vision
Increase business growth overall by driving User Acquisition product quality and usage by customers

What were looking for 

Deep understanding of performance advertising or outcome-driven machine learning products
Strong product leadership skills as relate to growing product teams, execution on sophisticated dependencies across organizations, and strategically partnership with external companies
Excellent communication skills that are clear, concise, and empower teams into action
Agility and adaptability, capable of issuing strategic product direction within the context of a rapidly morphing landscape
Facility with large group partner management as well as C-suite communication
Excellent cross-functional partnership skills and work ethic to collaborate with engineering, product marketing, sales, and other Unity teams in driving successful releases

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
DIR LI-LC3