We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unity is a leading business platform enabling mobile content creators to prosper in the app economy. Our mission is to help app developers turn their apps into scalable and sustainable businesses, with the most robust, comprehensive business platform available. Ultimately, we help customers focus on what they do best  creating great apps and user experiences  while we enable their business expansion in the app economy.
The Offerwall is an in-app marketplace that provides a value exchange between app publishers, advertisers, and consumers. Publishers integrate the Offerwall to make more ad revenue within their apps, advertisers promote their products to the publishers user base to acquire quality traffic, and consumers engage with the ads within the Offerwall in return for in-app rewards to continue their user journey.
We are looking for an experienced product manager to join our team to lead our publisher dashboard, to ensure were providing an efficient and innovative experience for the app developers who monetize via our platform.
Our publisher dashboard is a key part of our platform, enabling app developers to configure their Offerwall set up, measure the Offerwalls performance, and optimize their integration to drive higher revenue.
What youll be doing 

You will own the roadmap for our publisher dashboard, working with internal and external business stakeholders to ensure we are prioritizing and delivering the right features and projects.
Youll play a key role in managing documentation that clearly explains how our customers can get the most value from our feature set.
This is a customer facing role, and youll be required to join quarterly business reviews with our customers to both present new feature releases, and gather feedback on future initiatives.

What were looking for 

A validated experience as a product manager for B2B and B2C  experience working with within mobile ad tech at a previous role
Experience in handling simultaneous projects, priorities and proven team leadership abilities in a fast-paced environment
Ability to define a compelling product, path to market, and then evangelize that vision internally and externally while taking full ownership of the projectproduct
Ability to collaborate and work efficiently with teams in various locations worldwide
Strong product management, organizational and execution skills.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.


International relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is available for this role.


This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-MR1 SEN
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary149,600—165,773 USD