We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unity is looking for a Senior Manager, IT Finance to join our dynamic finance technology team. You will play a crucial role in leading the Finance IT team for our Grow division in Tel-Aviv. We are looking for a driven, experienced, and organized Senior Manager for leading our IT Finance - Grow team in Tel-Aviv. Youll be collaborating with the corporate IT Finance and delivery teams to prioritize and meet our business needs. Build positive and trusted partnerships with Grow Finance leadership and align with the global Finance leads.
What youll be doing 

In this newly-created role, you will report directly to the Senior Director, Global Business Systems and will drive transformation, process improvements as well as support initiatives for the Grow business.
Collaborate with internal stakeholders to launch scalable and reliable finance system solutions, support system integration efforts, and create operational efficiencies through automation and process improvements
Youll be leading the team of Analyst and technical folks to drive transformational initiatives as well as supporting the Run-the-business efforts.
Build robust organizational change management processes

What we are looking for

Experience in ERP systems like Workday Finance, NetSuite preferred
Experience creating enforcement of access controls and segregation of duties for auditcompliance support
Excellent communication, interpersonal, organizational, and time management skills
Proven experience as a Project Manager with a focus on various Finance functions like revenue  accounting, core Finance, FPA and P2P

You might also have

Experience in driving MA initiatives  building solutions to bring alignments across our Create and Grow business units

Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-JP1 SEN