We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unity powers over half of all the worlds games and over two-thirds of the worlds VR and AR products. Unity Ads enables mobile game developers to make a living doing what they love - making games - by monetizing their entire player base with gaming ads for gamers. Trusted by large publishers and indies alike, were proudly built by Unity and focus strongly on gaming. Unity Ads can deliver significant revenue to our developers by providing engaging, non-intrusive user-initiated video ads.
The Performance Manager teams main job function is to collaborate with the Sales Team in the day-to-day tasks towards account management. The team performs advertising tasks, such as performance optimisation suggestions, which are central to how we do business. This position will offer insights into our advertisement business area and provide an opportunity to develop management skills to be able to take on tasks independently. To be a successful in this position, you will be self-motivated with a positive and professional attitude.
This position is paid and the role is located at the Unity office in London, Great Britain. Also, it offers a hybrid working model, with an average 3 days per week required to be onsite.
What youll be doing

Handle client requests via multiple systems
Connect with customer facing teams both written and verbally
Use our internal business intelligence tool to analyse customer data
Collaborate with the wider Sales Team and Product Management teams both locally and worldwide

What were looking for

You are a recent graduate
Strong organisational skills with an eye for detail
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Experience with data analysis using tools such as Excel or Google Sheets

You might also have

Experience in performance-based marketing or advertising
Experience in a customer-focused environment
Curiosity about developing a career in this area

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-HT1 JUN