We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Do you get a kick out of breaking the ice and building relationships? Are you a creative problem-solver who swims comfortably in the world of technology? Do you enjoy flexibility and a dynamic day-to-day? You might love this role!
Unitys Partner Relations team is looking for proactive, people-minded influencers to own the success of our most valued partners who build mind-blowing, innovative Unity productions all over the world, from small mobile projects to AAA console games to immersive multi-user VR experiences. They need your help to see their projects through to successful outcomes.
As a Senior Partner Relations Manager, you are the driving force behind your partners use of, and collaboration with, Unity. Working from our Brighton or London offices, you will work directly with your partners to define strategies, coordinate resources, respond to emergencies, and partner with key contacts to facilitate important feedback loops. Youll amplify the voice of Unity users and influence product decisions to reflect what creators really care about. As a valued member of a globally-distributed team with a diverse group of backgrounds and skills, youll learn from and support each other to solve the hardest problems. Our mission: define and drive partner success!
What youll be doing


Own the support relationship for Unitys highest-profile games, gambling and entertainment partners


Diplomatically collaborate with a wide variety of partner personalities to become their trusted advisor


Define and implement a strategic success plan; advance partner vision by enlisting resources inside and outside of the team


Build and sustain real-time reporting of responsiveness, service quality and partner happiness


Proactively maintain excellent relations between the team and other Unity departments


What were looking for


Helping creators succeed IS YOUR JAM and you have an affinity for nurturing and growing strategic relationships.


Outstanding written and verbal communication skills, catering to executive and technical folks.


Experience working in games development, games services, gambling, or other intersecting industries


Highly proactive


Available to travel both domestically and internationally, as needed


You might also have


Demonstrated proficiency as a Technical Project Manager, Producer, Technical Account Manager or similar position


Professional or enthusiast knowledge of Unity, or technical experience in software development


A Customer Success background


Note: We are aware that statistically, underrepresented groups in a given field will not apply for a position if they do not hit 100 of the requirements. If you feel weve described you above, but you havent ticked all the boxes, we strongly encourage you to apply.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, perform essential job functions, and receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request an accommodation.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, Unity had, on average, 3.9 billion monthly active end users who consumed content created or operated with its solutions. The applications developed by these creators were downloaded, on average, five billion times per month in 2021. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
LI-DF1 SEN