We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Are you enthusiastic about catching things before they break and have a passion for engineering and quality? As a software quality engineer, you will contribute to improving the teams awareness and understanding of the quality of our product. We lay the groundwork for all of Unitys Editor and Runtime technology and provide a strong base for both our users and our internal technology teams to build upon.
In this role, youll get the opportunity to collaborate with other teams around the business that make the content pipeline process smoother and help enable their success. This role will help you grow both in quality and test automation while sharing your prior experience with us. Your work will ensure the various pieces fit together and deliver the best customer experience. A curiosity about quality combined with a proven quality background would set you up for success.
What youll be doing 

Helping teams continuously improve product quality over time by sharing good practices and habits
Improving our test suites, including low-level automated tests
Contributing to the quality effort during the full software development lifecycle
Improving tooling to automate processes
Collaborating on finding solutions to quality problems

What were looking for 

C or C skills (testing C APIs, working coding knowledge)
Interest in driving testing plans for large, sophisticated software projects and test automation
Excellent collaboration and interpersonal skills

You might also have

Prior experience with Unity or another game engine
Experience with testing complex SDKs and APIs
Knowledge of applications for 3D content creation (e.g. Maya, Max, Blender, or Houdini)

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-AS2 MID
Note: Lithuania requires a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay monthly2.325—3.150 EUR