We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The Opportunity
Unitys Documentation team is building the future of modern documentation platforms for distributed, federated and configurable documentation authoring and web publication at enterprise scale. We are seeking a versatile Senior Full Stack Developer to help craft innovative, user-facing experiences for documentation consumers and internal documentation authors, in direct collaboration with backend devs, designers and product leaders. You are passionate about flexible web-based tools and visually stunning web applications on robust, decoupled backend systems? Join our team at Unity with a strong web developer culture, and phenomenal benefits! We put users first, and collaborate boldly to deliver delightful end-user experiences. Apply with us today, this hybrid on-siteremote role may be the perfect fit for your next career adventure!
What youll be doing

Own the collaborative crafting of React components using a MaterialUI-backed Design System
Implement and leverage modern workflows: from Figma, to Storybook, to NextJS, with LinearApp and Vercel deployments.
Maintaining a secure codebase in a micro-service architecture
Collaborating with Engineering Managers, Technical Program Managers, Product Owners, and Senior Developers to grow your software development experience and drive for impact across related teams in Muse Chat (AI), Community, and Web Platform.
Mentoring and empowering scalable execution through a team of more junior developers.

What were looking for

JAMStack Proficiency: Git, Typescript, React, Storybook, NextJS, plus RESTful APIs and GraphQL
SSO and OAuth for user login management.
Experience with decoupled backend systems for content management

You might also have

Experience with PostgreSQL andor MongoDB
Documentation publication tools like Docusaurus, Tina.io, Forestry.io, or any others.
Containerization tools like Docker, experience with building and deploying microservices on GCP (Google Cloud) and familiarity with DocFX, Doxygen

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-SP1 MID
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary94,300—109,327 USD