We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Create -Early Career Program is a newly formed initiative to drive a programmatic approach to increase organizational structure and efficiency. Your role is to support two of the initiatives under the Early Career programs: Rotational Program and Organisational Efficiencies. In this role, you will build dashboards, and track the progress of initiatives, and rhythm of business for the Create Early Career Program initiatives.
This role will be part of the broader HR organization to drive critical goals such as Diversity and Inclusion, building high-performing manager frameworks, capability and teams, and Efficiency in Organizational structure and design. This role is especially pivotal as you will be there on day one to help support the growing team. Your role is crucial to the teams success.
This is a rare opportunity to join a 0-1 program team inside a well-established, successful HR organization and support expanding Unitys People initiatives that build rigor, and a culture that supports high performance.
What youll be doing

Coordinate with People Analytics, HRBPs, COEs, and University Recruiting team to design and build dashboards and maintain a clear rhythm of business for the program goals
Use effective communication, tools, and program management strategies to ensure that goals are met, and the team is informed and up-to-date with progress
Always be iterating on program processes and methodologies to continuously improve our goals and KPIs
Track program progress and run regular program update meetings with HR Leadership, COEs to provide updates, communicate milestones and resolve issues.

What were looking for 

Outstanding interpersonal, communication, problem-solving, and organizational skills and desire to continuously learn and improve
Demonstrate a proactive, curious mentality; be willing to ask questions, and be willing to dig for your own answers as well
Extremely organized and capable; paying attention to the details to make sure nothing is missed and the team can move ahead smoothly

You might also have 

Experience working with distributed teams across multiple time zones
ProjectProgram Management experience delivered across cross-functional groups.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-TM1 SEN
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary80,800—109,300 USD