We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unity is looking for an experienced product designer to help define, envision and bring to market new interactive 3D products, tools and technologies for consumers. Working directly with product management, design and engineering leaders within Unity, this person will play a key role in enabling the next generation of creators to build powerful, interactive, real-time 3D experiences.with new, innovative and accessible tools!
The right candidate will combine game design and development experience with a natural curiosity for technology, and a passion for empowering creativity with it. In addition to helping establish our product vision, you will work to clarify and champion value for our users, create alignment and consistency between products, and exemplify the highest standards of inclusive design on your way to delivering innovative solutions to millions of Unity creators worldwide.
What youll be doing 

Employ design thinking to reason complex systems and technology into intuitive, efficient and joyful product experiences
Work with product, design, UX research and engineering leads to develop and refine product strategy and establish clear design goals
Create sketches, storyboards, wireframes, prototypes and high-fidelity comps to communicate product vision to internal and external partners, conduct design reviews with senior leadership to ensure alignment with project goals
Collaborate with other design leads to ensure consistency and coherence across Unity products
Promote a culture of innovation, teamwork and inclusivity

What were looking for 

A selective product design portfolio, showcasing project development from concept to shipping, demonstrating a creative thought process, a user-centric approach, awareness of technology and design craftsmanship, and a desire to promote visual excellence
Ability to lead design conversations within a team or group context, to reason through complex problems and arrive at sophisticated solutions in a collaborative way.
Experience and understanding of game design and game development tools across platforms, preferably mobile. Experience implementing UXUI into a game engine, ideally Unity is a huge plus.
A solid base in visual design and understand how that can translate into delightful game interfaces through layout, color, and typography

You might also have

Experience crafting consumer or professional products for multiple platforms
Experience designing easy to use, no code XR, and 3D creation tools
Familiarity with Unity, or other game engines

Relocation support is not available for this position. Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-MD1 SEN