We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
We are looking for a Manager, Growth Partnerships to lead Unitys User Acquisition Account Management team in the Americas and help Unity scale our advertising business in the region. The role leads all aspects of a substantial piece of Unitys revenue and all advertisers in the region.
In this team management role, you will be responsible for driving growth and adoption of Unitys user acquisition solutions. Youll need to be proactive and continuously seek market feedback to expand upon solutions and win market share all the while enabling and supporting your team on the way to exceeding sales targets and delivering results.
Core to your success will be partnering with Unitys demand leaders and with cross-functional leaders across Supply, Customer Success, Product, Engineering, Business Operations, Marketing, Unity Create and other teams.
What youll be doing

Design, implement and complete a comprehensive demand growth strategy for the Americas region
Lead the Account Management team in their work towards overachieving their revenue goals by nurturing and investing in their professional growth;
Work cross-functionally with other business units to deliver revenue solutions for our existing and prospective customers;
Establish long-term executive partnerships with key customers and prospects in the region;
Be the voice of the market and inform product needs in your region;

What were looking for

Have shown experience in sales  account management leadership roles, ideally in mobile ad-tech space;
Have outstanding experience in hiring and building successful sales  account management teams, carrying and exceeding quotas;
Project management skills and a proven record in driving business projects leading to successful outcomes;
You are comfortable with ambiguity and uncertainty in decision making, you are adaptable to change. You have the skills to work outside of your comfort zone and get things done quickly;
You are comfortable dealing with highly technical service and interacting with decision-makers in game development studios. Using your network of senior decision makers in game companies in Americas;
Have excellent communication and leadership skills and an ability to quantify market insights into product needs;

You might also have

Fluency in an additional language!
Ridiculously amazing work ethic!

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-MR1 SEN
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary185,625—218,500 USD