We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unity Ads builds advertising and personalized content delivery solutions used in hundreds of thousands of apps. Our platform processes extensive data sets that are used by machine learning systems living in the core of our various products.
Different deep-learning techniques are revolutionizing automated decision-making systems and Unity is riding the front wave. Unity is investing heavily in mastering deep learning methodologies and applying them to real-world gaming problems of advertising, engagement, and monetization.
In the Core Performance unit, we develop groundbreaking ML-centric products. They provide millions of predictions every second to optimize the efficiency and profitability of user acquisition advertising campaigns. Now we are looking for a Senior Machine Learning Engineer to join our outstanding team of engineers working on infrastructure for these products! You will have a huge impact on scoping out, contributing, and delivering new Ads initiatives. This is an excellent chance to create an impact by building some of the largest data and innovative machine learning methods for the benefit of the game development communities.
What youll be doing

Design, build, scale, and maintain services to process billions of daily events into our machine learning and reporting pipelines
Write and tune complex ML pipelines, queries, and services on the Google Cloud Platform orchestrated within Kubeflow
Ensure pipeline scalability and reliability through effective code and data processing design
Work closely with Data Scientists producing and consuming data from various sources
Collaborate with backend teams making sure that our model inference solution is reliable and scalable and Ensure quality by supplying features with the right combination of unit, acceptance, and end-to-end tests

What were looking for

Experience in developing scalable software systems and writing production code using Python, Java, Scala or any other modern programming language
Track record of maintaining and building large-scale data pipelines using Apache Spark or similar frameworks and schedulers such as Kubeflow or Apache Airflow
Good understanding of Big Data and its components (e.g. cluster computing, batch  stream processing, data partitioning, etc.)
Practical experience with setting up and running a cloud data infrastructure (including containerization with Docker  Kubernetes)
Ability to design and reason about services in a distributed system, including testing, communication patterns, data protocols, and reliability.

You might also have

Experience with distributed data processing and scalable data storage systems (e.g. BigQuery, Cassandra, BigTable, etc.) across petabytes of data
Experience working in a Machine Learning driven product where data pipelines are a key contributing factor. Even better if it includes experience with deep neural networks
Background in backend engineering and some understanding of Go as we use it as our primary backend language

Additional Information
International relocation support is not available for this position.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-HT1 SEN