We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
At Unity, our Trust  Safety team plays a crucial role in fostering developer confidence in Unitys Network. We prioritize providing safe access to supply and demand along with insights and controls in a privacy-focused world.
As our new Senior Data Scientist in our Ads Fraud Protection team, you will be partnering closely with the Trust  Safety department, which focuses on safeguarding our advertisers from invalid activities and ensuring the integrity of the supply. You will collaborate with our engineering and product teams to analyze data and build reliable, accurate, and scalable Machine Learning models that detect fraudulent traffic among games and developers. With an emerging set of products, evolving problems, and an enthusiastic team committed to growth, you will have the opportunity to drive positive change at various levels within the organization and influence the technical direction and team culture.
What Youll Be Doing

Design, implement, and deploy scalable machine ML models using TensorFlow and Sklearn.
Validate, monitor, and evaluate the performance of ML models, making necessary adjustments and optimizing continuously.
Use your expertise in Cloud technologies to deploy and manage machine learning applications, leveraging Kubernetes for container orchestration and workload management.
Collaborate closely with BIs, BizOps, and other teams to identify new fraud threats and respond to or mitigate current fraud threats.
Produce well-written documentation, including modelling details, design options, and findings resolutions, to communicate complex concepts and analysis results to other stakeholders.

What Were Looking For

Hands-on experience in Machine Learning (deep learning), system design, software development, graph, andor anomaly detection.
Strong programming skills in Python, SQL, and a deep understanding of data structures and algorithms.
Familiar with GCP (an experience with other Cloud platforms is valuable), Kubernetes, Tensorflow, Sklearn, and Kubeflow.
Good interpersonal and teamwork skills, passionate about learning new techniques and taking on challenging problems

You might also have

Prior experience working on Graph Neural Networks (GNNs), graph databases, federated learning, and TF-secure.

Additional information
International Relocation support is not available for this position.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-AR1 SEN
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary134,300—181,800 USD