We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unity is searching for an experienced professional to lead sourcing events for technical and non-technical categories, which may include IT and GA categories. This individual must be comfortable working in a fast-paced and collaborative environment with both internal partners and external suppliers.
What youll be doing

Lead, coordinate, and support sourcing activities for various categories, including preparing RFPs, analyzing bids and managing the source-to-pay process
Analyze spend data, internal requirements, and external supply markets to develop strategic sourcing strategies and plans aligned with the business goals
Prepare, redline and broker commercial contracts including master agreements, statements of works, and amendments
Develop strong collaborative relationships with internal clients to strategically manage spend and the supply base for assigned categories
Act as procurement subject matter expert and internal consultant to the business to identify, develop and deploy standard methodology procurement, category management, and supplier management practices

What we are looking for

Proven track record in procurement, sourcing or contracting in various technical and non-technical categories
Experience with brokering commercial agreements and drafting contracts for multiple geographies
Experience in working with tools including Google GSuite, Microsoft Excel, ERP systems, procurement systems and contract management tools

You may also have

Bachelors degree in Business, Supply Chain, Procurement, Finance or Management
Experience conducting business on a global scale

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
 

LI-MK2 SEN

 
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary80,800—109,300 USD