We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unity reaches the world on the next billion devices, from mobile phones to high-end PCs. We enable creators whether theyre making their indie dream game or the next AAA mega-hit. We need the help of people like you to make our Physics tools and runtime highly performant and scalable!
The Unity Physics team develops and maintains Unitys Physics systems. As a Software Engineer on the Physics Team, you will implement new features. You will iterate on existing features, incorporating feedback from internal and external customers to improve performance, adaptability, and usability. Your work will help Unity users at every stage of their career to get the most out of our tools.
We collaborate with Unity engineering teams around the globe, write C in the Unity engine, C in the scripting layer, and use a handful of additional technologies that come with the platforms that we support — such as PC, Mac, iOS, Android, Web, and consoles. And you will share your work and knowledge with our users through presentations and technical writing.
What youll be doing

Developing features, workflows or tools as needed for creators to author Physics in Unity
Programming the core constraint solvers in Unity Physics
Integrating Physics solvers with Unity
Optimizing the performance of Unity Physics

What were looking for

Experience with Havok, PhysX, Bullet or some equivalent
A good understanding of rigid-body dynamics, constraint solvers, and collision detection algorithms
Prior experience with Unity
Released game titles
Numerical or Simulation programming experience

You might also have

Experience working with DOTS or other ECS systems
SIMD optimisation experience

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-JG1 SEN
 