We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Looking to join an extraordinary group of people at an ever expanding company? Unity is looking for a Senior Accountant to join the team of outstanding, highly motivated members of the Accounting team. This role will report directly to the Senior Manager of Technical Accounting and will be responsible for ensuring timely and accurate reporting of various accounting areas.
What youll be doing 
As a Senior Accountant, you will be a key member of our growing accounting  finance team. The Senior Accountant will need to be motivated, hands-on, and willing to work on a range of tactical and technical projects to ensure success of the team. This individual will need to be a trailblazer, working to enhance and improve accounting, financial, and reporting processes. This individual will also be a business partner and leader within the organization and will be required to have strong, senior-level knowledge and experience in a growing accounting and financial organization. As a senior accountant, you will be responsible for the following:

Perform financial accounting and reporting activities in accordance with US GAAP and other statutory requirements.
Ensure a timely and accurate month-end and year end close process, including preparation of journal entries and account reconciliations for assigned areas. Balances books and prepares profit and loss, cash flow, income and balance sheet statements.
Conduct in-depth analysis to identify, isolate and resolve discrepancies, and contribute to quality control and process improvement. May assist in the setup of processes and procedures that properly capture, track and report financial statement numbers, in accordance with the company policies.
Research and analyze complex accounting issues and provide recommendations to management for proper accounting treatment and potential impact on financial forecasts.
Assist in the preparation of consolidated and project level financial statementsfootnotes and SEC reporting documents, such as 10-QK. Organize supporting schedules and details in a financial reporting tie-out package and deliverables to internal and external auditors.

What were looking for 

BS in Accounting or Finance
2 years of previous accounting experience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong Excel skills

You might also have

Workday, Workiva, Prolease experience is a plus.
Ability to organize and prioritize responsibilities effectively in order to meet deadlines.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Relocation support is not available for this position. 
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
SEN LI-MK2
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary80,800—109,300 USD