We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The Opportunity
Unitys Demo team creates real-time projects (cinematics and interactive) intended to represent the highest level of quality that can be achieved with the Unity real-time 3D platform with special attention to graphics. Our projects include award-winning short films such as: Enemies (2022), The Heretic (2020), Book of the Dead (2018) and Adam (2016).
As a small team consisting primarily of senior artists and developers, the Demo team works under creative autonomy within Unity and is led by the vision and strategy of Creative Director Veselin Efremov. The team uses the latest in Unitys technology development and research, pushing the envelope on what the Unity engine is capable of, and exploring new production workflows based on adoption of Unitys Wt Tools into real-time projects.
We are looking for a highly experienced technical animator who wants to become part of the team.
If you like what we do and want to join us, we are very eager to hear from you.
Responsibilities

Collaborate with tech leads, animators and artists on rigging and animation related tasks and ensure high-fidelity animations that support and elevate the storytelling aspects of our content productions
Develop and maintain production tools for Unity and DCC applications and maintain a clean and structured animation pipeline which can be easily made available to other teams and external users
Collaborate with technical teams to inform and validate new technologies and pipelines as they are being developed
Participate in the ongoing updates and maintenance of the projects
Share the knowledge accumulated through production with the wider Unity community through presentations, articles and making-of materials

Requirements

You are a highly skilled user of DCC such as Maya and Motion Builder
You have strong programming skills
You have extensive professional experience in character rigging and good understanding of human and animal anatomy
You are experienced in motion capture pipelines and data processing
You are comfortable with early adoption of new technologies, tools, workflows, and techniques that can boost your efficiency or the quality of your output

Nice to have

Experience working in a real-time environment is a plus but not a must
Previous experience with high-quality keyframe animation, both realistic and stylized
You are able to work efficiently and collaboratively in an international, geographically distributed environment

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Relocation support is not available for this position
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-JG1 SEN