We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
We are seeking a skilled and experienced GTM (Go-To-Market) Technologies Program Manager to join our dynamic team. As the GTM Technologies Program Manager, you will be responsible for coordinating the successful implementation, integration, and optimization of key technologies, including Salesforce, Commerce, and Billing. Your role will be pivotal in driving our go-to-market strategy by ensuring seamless execution and effective utilization of these systems. This is an exciting and rewarding opportunity for an individual with a solid technical background, outstanding project management skills, and a passion for driving business growth.
What youll being doing

Lead end-to-end project management for GTM technology initiatives, including planning, coordination, execution, and monitoring of projects.
Identify and mitigate program risks, resolve issues, and drive effective decision-making to keep programs on track.
Collaborate with key customers to capture requirements, understand business needs, and align GTM technology solutions accordingly.
Define and track key program performance indicators (critical metrics) to measure the success and efficiency of GTM technology programs.
Identify areas for program operating model improvement, and proactively recommend enhancements and optimizations.

What We Are Looking For:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Business Administration, or a related field. A masters degree is a plus.
Demonstrable experience as a program manager or project manager, specifically in implementing and managing GTM technologies like Salesforce, Commerce, and Billing.
Strong understanding of GTM strategies, sales processes, and customer lifecycle management.
Proficient in programproject management methodologies, tools, and techniques.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to establish relationships and collaborate with complementary teams.

You might also have:

Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities, with a keen attention to detail.
Prior experience in e-commerce and billing systems implementation is a plus.
Ability to adapt to a fast-paced and multifaceted work environment.

Join our team and take on this exciting opportunity to craft the implementation and optimization of GTM technologies that drive our business growth. Apply today and become an integral part of our success!
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is provided for this role.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-TM1 SEN LI-Hybrid
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary100,900—136,600 USD