We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
We seek a skilled IT Support Analyst to join our remote helpdesk team and support all Unitys employees. As the first point of contact, youll play a vital role in ensuring the smooth operation of Unitys technology systems.
In this fast-paced, 247 environment, youll diagnose and resolve software and hardware problems, provide technical assistance, work with the IT team on new technology solutions and system maintenance, and identify areas for improvement.
Your excellent communication skills will be critical, as youll need to explain technical information to non-technical individuals effectively. The goal of this role is to provide outstanding customer service in a timely manner.
What youll be doing 

Receive and respond to customer inquiries via our ticketing system with timely, accurate, and courteous replies.
Prioritize, troubleshoot, and solve requests, or when unable to assist, reassign to the relevant team.
Identify opportunities for automation.
Provide technical support to users by researching and answering questions
Improve the IT Knowledge Base by writing and maintaining documentation.

What were looking for 

Excellent customer service skills
An IT-related degree or relevant professional experience
Experience with both macOS and Windows computers
Outstanding communication skills, both oral and written, in English
Good at adapting to change, delays, and unexpected events

You might also have

Good knowledge of networking and experience with network troubleshooting
SaaS administration experience
Linux experience

Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, disability, gender, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-CW2 MID