We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Our mission in the platforms team is to make Unity the best engine choice for developers on every device, and we love to work together with Unity developers to make their games even more incredible!
Were looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our multinational team in Bellevue. Youll be a trusted part of the group, working on significant improvements and groundbreaking features for Unity on the web platform.
Unity is used in a huge and diverse range of games and applications across all genres. You will have the opportunity to develop and influence technology used by developers in studios all over the world. Youll also be given the time and support to grow your knowledge in technical areas youre interested in.
What youll be doing

Validate existing and new features in upcoming versions of Unity
Maintain and improve existing systems around performance, testability and stability
Ensure quality is represented within features at all stages, from conception to delivery
Engaging with partners and customers to ensure projects are supported as the engine develops
Influence the development processes through driving a culture of quality

What were looking for

Experience in writing and maintaining a test strategy
Development experience in games or middleware
Experience developing with Unity and C
Outstanding interpersonal, communication, problem solving, and organizational skills
Users-first and empathetic approach to supporting our customers and users

You might also have

Prior experience developing for Web
Time spent in a lead or mentorship position
Experience developing in CI and writing test automation

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
International relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaImmigration sponsorship is available for this role. 
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-MC2 SEN 
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary133,100—148,269 USD