We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
This role will report to the Global Equity Manager. The Sr. Stock Administrator position requires a highly upbeat and results-oriented individual with a proven track record and the ability to deliver results in high growth and a very vital role! Working in a small team, this highly transparent role will share responsibility for all equity related transactions.
What youll be doing

Maintain Equity database integrity and ensure accuracy of record-keeping
Process new equity awards and distribution of online grant agreements
Lead and supervise share issuances, outstanding and available under the Companys stock plans
Perform monthly, quarterly and annual reconciliation of records between Equity database and General Ledger, HR, Payroll and tax reporting
Prepare and distribute year-end tax statements for all equity transaction and act as Equity point of contact for global employee questions and concerns

What were looking for

Previous experience as a Stock Plan Admin or similar position in a public company setting (Preferred, but not necessary)
Strong experience with global equity plans and the associated tax issues
Familiar with all equity vehicles (Options, RSUs, ESPP, etc.)
Experience with ESPP, Sect 16 filings, 10B5-1 Plan and be familiar with ASC 718
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and ability to function well in a very collaborative ecosystem

You might also have

CEP designation preferred
Bachelors Degree in FinanceAccounting
Familiar with Schwabs EquiView equity tracking platform

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
SEN LI-MK2
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary91,200—123,300 USD