We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
At Unity, we are changing the way that games are built, launched, and operated over their lifetime. Only Unity provides a truly end-to-end solution of products and services that help game developers succeed and make some of the most innovative new games hitting the market, from studios of all sizes all over the world.
The Product Marketing team plays a pivotal role in our mission by steering growth through strategic business direction and delivering value propositions, positioning, messaging, roadmaps, and GTM (Go-To-Market) plans that engage and empower Unitys diverse customer base. As a member of this team, you will collaborate with various multiplayer product teams to lead synchronized go-to-market strategies and their implementation.
What youll be doing

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop comprehensive go-to-market strategies that drive awareness, adoption, and growth of Unitys multiplayer services.
Develop impactful product positioning and messaging that resonates with diverse target audiences and effectively communicates the value of Unitys multiplayer offerings.
Lead and orchestrate successful product launches by coordinating with internal teams to ensure timely and impactful releases that drive customer engagement.
Create sales enablement materials, including presentations, collateral, and training resources, to empower the sales team to communicate the value proposition of multiplayer services.
Collaborate with content and marketing teams to produce engaging and insightful content such as blog posts, whitepapers, videos, customer stories and webinars that educate the market and drive demand.
Define key performance metrics and track the success of product marketing initiatives, providing regular reports and insights to guide decision-making.

What were looking for

7 years experience as a product marketer, including experience in GTM strategies.
Somebody that can find the sweet spot between a highly technical product area, the needs of the game developer, and the benefit to the players.
Experience working in a fast-paced technology company. You can adjust on the fly and keep pace with the speed of a growing team.
Youre a natural connector and communicator who is able to work with different teams from engineering to marketing, from legal to design.
Keen product instinct. You have strong opinions about what we should build and why, balancing data and anecdotes to influence product decisions.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, Unity had, on average, 3.9 billion monthly active end users who consumed content created or operated with its solutions. The applications developed by these creators were downloaded, on average, five billion times per month in 2021. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
SEN LI-HI1
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary136,400—160,500 USD