We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unitys PolySpatial team is at the forefront of innovation, bringing Unity to groundbreaking new platforms such as Apples visionOS. Were seeking performance-minded engineers proficient with a wide range of 3D technology, coupled with deep expertise in at least one domain speciality (such as graphics, networking, animation, or asset pipelines). Our primary development languages are C and C.
As a Senior Engineer, youll play a crucial role delivering key features and defining our architecture. Expect to take ownership of entire subsystems, optimize for performance, and ensure seamless integration with the broader engine. Youll collaborate with teams across Unity, and interact directly with the users who rely on your work.
Our team combines a startup mentality with the quality-of-life and work-life balance of a more established company. At Unity, your creativity and innovation will thrive, and your contributions can influence the trajectory of the entire industry. If youre eager to dive into diverse technical domains and help define the future of spatial computing, we invite you to join us on this exciting journey!
What youll be doing

Implementing PolySpatial support for Unity engine features
Writing fast, maintainable code in C (and occasionally C)
Working with new platforms and ecosystems, such as visionOS
Collaborating with other teams within RD to bring cohesive and user friendly experiences to our users

What were looking for

Technical experience across a range of technologies - graphics, netcode, authoring tools, animation, physics, script interpreters and compilers, etc.
Passion for performance, code analysis, and debugging tools
C andor C development experience
Willingness to jump in to unfamiliar technical areas
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to build relationships across the organization

You might also have

Experience developing game engine cores, middleware, or creating games
Experience building and improving multiple game engine components; for example: graphics, animation, scripting, authoring tools, etc.
Experience with existing XRARVR technologies, such as ARCore, ARKit, OpenXR, Oculus, WinMR, Magic Leap, etc.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
International relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is provided for this role.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-AA SEN
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary117,800—159,500 USD