We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity 
Industry Solutions AECO business unit focuses on creating a variety of digital twin solutions to provide highly visual reporting and training simulations. These can range from room-scale VR training operations, site-wide security simulations, detailed smart cities and global weather visualizations. We use the Unity engine to build custom software solutions for a multitude of fields, including energy, medical, construction, security and training. We work in collaboration with the Unity product teams and improve our product offerings.
Your day-to-day work will apply your diverse range of technical art skills to an application project team. You play a meaningful role in each phase of your projects, from concept, to planning and implementation, through client delivery. Youre an experienced technical artist that owns your work, helps guide and mentor others, and has an eagerness to learn and grow your own craft. You have confidence and skills to champion and drive outstanding interactive experiences for discerning clients.
Our cross-disciplinary teams consist of world class developers, technical artists, 3D artists, UX  UI designers, and staff dedicated to software quality. Our goal is to inspire customers and transform industries. We are committed to maintaining a diverse team, and we welcome and encourage applicants with diverse experiences and backgrounds.
What youll be doing

Crafting and developing workflows, pipelines, tools and standards for your project and team.
Research and experimenting with groundbreaking technologies, and pioneering new techniques to match the constantly evolving demands of our clients and the industry
Collaborating with clients and your team on creative and technical solutions.

What were looking for

Experience developing with Unity at a high level, or another game engine.
Solid understanding of 3D art workflows and pipelines.
Experience and technical understanding of real-time art optimization and performance.
Intermediate skill with C or another programming language.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills with an ability to work as part of a team of diverse skills and interface directly with clients.

You might also have

Production experience developing and shipping applications for AR, VR, mobile or desktop.
Experience working with commercialindustrial 3D data (CAD, BIM, GIS, LIDAR, point clouds, etc.).
Experience crafting 3D visualizations and VFX.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
 Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base salary range for the role. The actual salary for the successful candidate may differ based on location, experience, and other job-related factors.Gross base salary108,900—147,400 CAD