We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
At Unity, we are continuing to grow our internal world-class game development team. Our mission is to bring incredible games to life for our customers and showcase Unitys technologies at their best!
This exciting new team comprises designers, artists and engineers who are building full games across a variety of game platforms.
Were looking for a Senior Level Designer to design and craft engaging game levels for players to discover, explore and solve. Youll collaborate with our designers, artists, and engineers to bring levels to life, using your skills to balance gameplay mechanics with aesthetics to create a stunning player experience.
You will be comfortable working across different game genres and themes, and bring a strong understanding of level design principles and mechanics, as well as a passion for creating immersive, engaging and memorable gaming experiences.
The team will be based around our offices in Stratford-upon-Avon. Whilst we believe its essential for creative teams to come together periodically, our hybrid working policy will allow you to find the right balance between working from home and the office.
When were at the office youll find us in a set of converted farm buildings, surrounded by sheep and tractors, where the environment is informal, relaxed, and inclusive.
We are committed to equal opportunities and growing a diverse team, we welcome and encourage applicants with diverse experiences and backgrounds.
What youll be doing

Design and create delightful levels that progressively challenge players whilst staying true to the games vision.
Collaborate with art, engineering, design and production staff to ensure levels are balanced in their challenge, pace, visuals and performance.
Document level design requirements through design briefs and technical specifications to allow collaboration on levels across the team.
Test and iterate on level designs to create the best experience by identifying and fixing bugs, refining gameplay and raising the quality of the game.

What were looking for

Experience developing game levels from concept to release.
Strong ability to use puzzles and gameplay to create interesting narratives.
Knowledge of level design mechanics to ensure balance, flow, difficulty and player progression.

You might also have

Experience of developing in Unity.
Shipped games on console or mobile platforms.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-RE1 SEN