We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
At Unity, we believe the world is a better place with more creators in it. This means giving creators the tools they need to succeed, and most often, thats the right documentation at the right time. Unity has a vast ecosystem of tools and solutions that all require different documentation needs and to meet those needs were building from the ground up a new web platform for the authoring and rendering of documentation that is product agnostic. Thats where you come in.
Were looking for a Software Engineering Manager who can help manage a team of versatile engineers in architecting, building, maintaining, and operating this new platform. Be responsible for the tooling that powers modern authoring content experiences, collaboration and publication of end-user documentation and its consumption experience; for internal documentation and public facing products. You will be part of, and supported by an established multi-functional leadership team that spans design, product management, technical program management, and strategic partners in content localisation and AI integrations.
An ideal candidate will be collaborative by nature, with strong problem-solving and communication skills that they employ to elevate the work of those around them. Youll demonstrate authentic  empathetic leadership whilst encouraging a healthy work environment that supports team growth. Enable individual contributors to thrive, showcase your passionate about technology and skill at implementing and applying processes.
Not sure if you tick all the boxes? Dont worry! We are looking for great people with a track record of solving exciting and sophisticated problems in similar domains. Apply and join us!
What youll be doing

Helping to build the new, enterprise-grade Documentation Platform, defining team strategy and roadmap in partnership with Product, Design and Program management
Supporting the growth of engineers on the team through coaching and mentoring
Helping your team execute, removing bottlenecks and recognising opportunities as they appear

What were looking for

Experience leading teams of 6-8 engineers
Knowledge of modern front-end technologies such as Next.js, React, Vercel, git, monorepo
Experience working with API and ETL ingestion and XML to markdown conversions
Experience with Agile development practices like scrum or Kanban
Experience with composable architectures and headless content systems

You might also have

Practical experience with documentation frameworks such as DocFX, Doxygen, Docusaurus, Madcap Flare, MKDocs,
Migrating legacy systems to new platforms (content and processes)
Launching and running large platform systems that work at scale on the web (millions of page views!)

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
International relocation support is not available for this position.
LI-JP1 SEN