We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unity Console Support provides technical solutions to our customers hardest problems. Using our in-depth knowledge of Unity, games development, and many other aspects of technology and programming, we help Unity developers in all industries to ship their projects on the most popular gaming consoles of this generation and the next.
Our customers have a wide variety of problems, which require quick thinking as well as in-depth analysis. This is where you step in, working to solve these problems with curiosity, flexibility and positivity. In return, you will be constantly learning about the latest features of Unity, working on the latest consoles, and get to help nurture some of the most exciting games and 3D experiences in development today!
This is a permanent position based in our Brighton office. Travel to other Unity offices may occasionally be required. You will have opportunities to attend conferences and visit customers.
What youll be doing

Efficiently provide technical support and solutions for users working with Unity on console platforms
Tackle customer problems via online ticketing and any other appropriate communication medium
Collaborate with your colleagues to ensure team success
Maintain excellent relations between the Console Support team and other departments within Unity

What were looking for

Professional experience developing for Playstation, Xbox, andor Nintendo Switch
Enjoyment of troubleshootingproblem-solving
C andor C experience
Willingness to learn new skills and areas of Unity

You might also have

Experience developing gamesapps with Unity
Debugging and profiling experience
Knowledge of SCM software (Git, SVN, Mercurial, P4) and available external hosting platforms (e.g. Github, Bitbucket)

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
LI-RE1 MID