We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Were looking for a Senior Account Executive to help us to continue to grow our Advertiser Partnerships. The individuals primary responsibilities will be to identify, prospect, build relationships, negotiate and close deals with advertiser partners to help them achieve their user acquisitionapp installs growth important metrics.
To be successful in the role, youll need to have a comprehensive understanding of the mobile ad ecosystem, the ability to understand and sell product solutions to app developers, marketers, agencies and brands, to handle both short and long sales cycles and to convey a high level of expertise when speaking to prospects.
We are looking for an outstanding Account Executive to join our AdSales team in the U.S., part of the larger Grow organization at Unity, and help expand our portfolio of advertiser partners using our solutions!
What youll be doing

Handle the entire sales process, including identification of new prospects, pitching, recommendation of growth strategy based on client needs and fit with our advertiser products, coordination with Legal on IO agreements and hand-off to relevant account management teams.
Be responsible for your book of business and own your Salesforce pipeline to reflect the sales process and use internal BI and analytical tools to drive business decisions, process decisions and improvements.
Continuously look for new sales verticals that can benefit from Unitys suite of ad products and represent Unity at industry events and conferences and lead our teams presence at each event.
Be an expert in the User Acquisition, Growth and Mobile industry. Stay on top of industry news to leverage and tailor your sales approach.
Collect customer feedback to improve sales pitch and strategies and to provide internal Marketing and Product teams on market needs and opportunities.

What were looking for 

A validated experience in sales or business development, gaming, advertising, affiliate, agency or supply partnerships.
History of consistently reaching sales quotasattainment targets.
Strong understanding of how mobile ad networks operate, including familiarity with associated business models and ad products (CPI, CPA, CPE), ad serving technology, ad exchanges, programmatic advertising, etc.
Ability to intimately understand and articulate technical products and services.

You might also have 

Ability to prioritize multiple objectives in a fast paced environment.
Phenomenal at networking, opening doors and maintaining positive relationships in the industry that result in long term business partnerships.
Motivation to seek out knowledge online in industry publications and by following industry leaders!

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
International relocation support is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
 

LI-MR1 SEN

 
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary184,000—216,500 USD