We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
At Unity we believe XR is becoming increasingly important. We are the platform of choice for XR developers today and intend to remain so, and as the XR ecosystem evolves and new platforms like the Quest 3 and VisionPro arrive it is an exciting time to be developing for XR.
As a senior member of the XR Features team you will be making the tools that enable creators to ship immersive experiences to all the XR platforms that Unity supports, from smartphone AR, VR  AR head mounted displays, to as yet unannounced hardware.
XR is a growing team within Unity and youll have opportunity to shape the future of this exciting area and learn and grow along the way.
What youll be doing 

Working with our foundations team and platform providers to let developers write once and ship anywhere.
Participating in an active development team. You will be reviewing code, improving the quality of our products and giving input to our future direction.
Mentoring more junior engineers to grow and increase their impact.

What were looking for 

C or C development experience.
Experience with real-time 3D graphics APIs.
Experience or interest in XR application development.

You might also have

Experience interacting with clientsusers of 3d software.
Experience with XR content creation.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
International relocation is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-AA SEN
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary117,800—159,500 USD