We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
The Release Engineering (RE) Organisation is part of the Release Group. RE collaborates with the Unity Editor and Runtime (URE) Engineering Organisation to maintain and improve the quality of all released versions of Unity. The Release Tools team is part of RE: Its mission is to provide the tooling necessary to enable the process of releasing with confidence. In RE, we solve hard problems in a supportive environment and embody the Unity cultural values of Best Ideas Win, Go Bold, In It Together and Users First!
What youll be doing 
As the Manager of this team you will be helping to grow the culture of Unity within the team. You will work with the team and RE leadership to define the goals of the team, aligning with the wider Release Group to fulfil its mission to release Unitys products with confidence and clarity.

Work with RE leadership, the wider Release Group and partners in URE to define the goals for the Release Tools team
Guide the team to deliver on the goals to agreed target dates
Conduct team meetings and 1:1s to help the team members grow and progress

What were looking for 

Experience of guiding a team of software developers
A track record of setting goals and delivering on targets
A proven background in mentoring and assisting teams to grow

You might also have

Development experience in modern technologies required for tools development
Familiarity in DevOps, particularly for Google Cloud Platform

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-AS2 SEN