We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
As an agile servant leader for the XR Input Engineering team, you will be joining the XR leadership team, having a direct impact on developers and end users. Your mission will include bringing improved XR input features and solving customers most pressing XR input issues. You will also have the opportunity to form a new team working on an industry leading and rapidly growing product. If making all things XR related reach their full potential drives you, Unity should be the next stop in your career!
At Unity, we are passionate about the new creative avenues that AR and VR bring to our developers. We are investing heavily in these futures, from integrating third party hardware to developing mechanisms to allow developers to easily take advantage of these new platforms.
Joining XR Engineering team means helping build one of the most popular game engines, integrating foundational ARVR technologies and devices. This role directly engages you with partners that are eager to see their platforms running experiences powered by Unity.
What youll be doing

Build and lead a new engineering team to support XR Input
Collaborate closely with the product manager of XR Input and the entire XR team to drive the vision and accelerate the improvement of new input capabilities into the Unity engine focused on hands, eyes and voice
Support business development and quarterly planning activities by reviewing contracts or features and providing estimates, risks and mitigation plans.
Work to implement processes, systems and culture for the team which result in high team morale and increased customer happiness
Ensure cross team collaboration with other XR engineering teams, other functions and groups across Unity

What were looking for 

Five years of software lead experience including having direct reports
Prior development experience with ARVR runtimes such as OpenXR, Oculus, SteamVR, WinMR, Magic Leap, etc
Advanced CC skills and C skills (intermediate)
Ability to mentorcoach team members, lead by example and build trust and positive relationships
Experience shipping and maintaining shipped products

You might also have

Experience steering the direction of strategic, tactical and operational roadmap of products
Familiarity with Unity Input System
Deep understanding of low-level input programming

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
International relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is provided for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
SEN LI-AA1
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary138,700—187,600 USD