We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Are you a meticulous, hardworking engineer with a passion for quality? Do you enjoy focusing on our customers and helping to tackle their hard problems? Are you interested in XR technology and want contribute at a top tier company in XR? We are hiring a Graphics Quality Engineer that will collaborate with our internal development teams, partners and our customers to report on the functionality, stability, and performance of the core graphics implementations of Unity. You have probably worked on engine level tech in the past and you know the importance of writing fast, maintainable, and well tested code. If this sounds like a fit for you read on!
What youll be doing

Work closely with our developers to provide implementation support and expertise across all functions of quality in our product
Investigate and provide context and technical details on reported issues
Build test projects and examples that showcase and validate Unity on our supported platforms
Develop, maintain and extend our test projects, test cases and automated tests
Connect with peers and teams across Unity to ensure a quality end-to-end experience of what we make on our platforms

What were looking for

Engineering Quality skillset with proven record of delivering phenomenal results and shipping large, sophisticated software
Detailed knowledge of the C programming language
Experience with the Unity engine, or other 3D engines or tools
Experience in real-time 3D and XR graphics technology
Someone who can help drive our team to improve Quality Culture

You might also have

Self-motivation and a view to become a better engineer and teammate
The ability to clearly communicate the state and quality of our product to product owners and partners
A testers mentality - the ability to have an innate feeling for what quality is and how to measure it.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
International relocation support is not available for this position.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-JR1 SENNote: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base salary range for the role. The actual salary for the successful candidate may differ based on location, experience, and other job-related factors.Gross base salary99,400—134,500 CAD