We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Were looking for a Senior Product Designer to help drive spatial computing technologies forward and amplify workflows for our creators. Joining Unitys XR team means not just helping build one of the most popular game engines in the world, but having an opportunity to shape one of the fastest growing segments of the market: Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality. You will contribute to the development of next-generation spatial computing technologies that go beyond what is possible today. This role is directly involved with both evolving Unity and also working with partners who will help us craft this exciting new space.
Were looking for a designer that is passionate about spatial computing and excited to take on new challenges. As a Senior Product Designer at Unity, you are driven to create cohesive, purposeful, and joyful product experiences. You put users first and make design decisions based on research.
Responsibilities

Work collaboratively with designers, engineers, and product managers to enhance user experience
Develop UX prototypes and mockups to drive and inform product direction
Interpret user research, customer feedback, and market analysis to inform user-focused designs
Design high-fidelity user interfaces in compliance with Unity design guidelines
Provide design specifications and assets to engineers, and validate implementation

Requirements 

Experience with XR development in Unity, with varying target devices from mobile AR to head mounted displays
Mapping user flows, wireframing, and mockup development skills
User interface design skills and experience with delivering designs to developers for implementation
Practical knowledge and experience with 3D content creation tools and the 3D domain
Experience working with research and data to drive decision making and working in a technical environment

Bonus Points

Experience coding, especially C
3D modeling
Spatial design experience

Additional Information
International relocation support is not available for this position
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-JR2 SEN
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary117,800—159,500 USD