We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Join our Wellbeing Org in this new leave specialist role that partners with both our global benefits and organizational wellbeing teams. Do you have a strong understanding of leaves and accommodations, as well as excellent problem-solving skills? The Leave Specialist is responsible for coordinating leave of absence programs for a fast-paced, global software company. This includes processing leave requests, working with third party vendors, providing guidance to employees and managers, and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
What youll be doing 

Ensure all leave and accommodation requests are processed a timely and accurate manner
Provide guidance to employees and managers on their leave rights and responsibilities based on their country
Develop and coordinate trainings on key leave topics
Maintain accurate records of all leave activity and ensure third-party vendors are meeting performance standards
Stay up-to-date on leave laws that affect our global company

What were looking for 

A subject matter authority on leave laws and regulations
Communicate with empathy and ensure confidential and consistent leave management
Ability to work independently and cross-functionally with leaders and HR partners

You might also have

People management experience
A strong ability to work towards alignment with stakeholders

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
International relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
SEN LI-TM1