We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Are you a hardworking engineer with experience in data engineering and database administration? If so, help us introduce new processes and procedures to improve the way Weta FX administers our varied database ecosystem!
The Weta FX Infrastructure Services team provides support to the development community. Our scope includes tools and support for version control, build systems, database platform management and developer consulting. Our environment consists of a number of relational database systems including MySQL MariaDB and PostgreSQL along with some NoSQL ones including Cassandra, Elastic, MongoDB and Neo4j.
This role offers a significant opportunity to craft and improve how Weta FX handles its data. It suits people with a DBA, analyst programming, SQL report writing or statistics background, or other similar experience.
What youll be doing 

Instituting a program of works to upgrade and optimise our various database implementations
Best practice database administration: provisioning, monitoring, cloning, replication, backups, upgrades, availability, performance monitoring, troubleshooting, recovery, archiving, tuning, query optimisation, change control and capacity planning
Developer support, user education, and provision of various development and data-oriented services
Platform architecture, project-based work, strategy development, technology research

What were looking for 

Familiarity with analytics for database and infrastructure performance (database insights)
Familiarity with Elasticsearch, Cassandra, MongoDB, Kafka or similar adjunct data systems
Holistic proficiency in database management and performance (design patterns) and patchingupgrade management and the possible impacts to the business
Infrastructure automation using Puppet, AnsibleAWX (preferred), Terraform or similar orchestration tools 5 bullets

You might also have

Excellent relationship management and problem-solving skills
An eye for detail, with strong communication skills

In return, we offer a flexible, creative, dynamic and supportive environment and the opportunity to work with groundbreaking technology at one of the worlds premiere visual effects companies!
Domestic relocation is available for this position.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, disability, gender, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-CW2 SEN