We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity 
Industry Solutions - AECO business unit focuses on VR, Architecture, Engineering, Construction and Operations. We create a variety of digital twin solutions to provide highly-visual reporting and training simulations. These can range from room-scale operations, site-wide security simulations, detailed smart cities and global weather visualizations. Work in collaboration with the Unity product teams and improve our product offerings.
Youre driven to get things done and to do them right. You arent afraid to seek out and tackle hard problems. You want to work with people who encourage collaboration and cultivate new and innovative ideas.
Our cross-disciplinary teams consist of world-class developers, technical artists, 3D artists, UX  UI designers, and staff dedicated to software quality. Our goal is to inspire customers and transform industries - and we believe that will foster compelling challenges and autonomy!
What youll be doing

Working with a software development team lead and a project team of designers, project managers and quality analysts to develop best-in-class applications and games.
Working with the creative team to realize a design concept into implementation.
Helping drive the technical direction of software features with your lead.
Participating in code reviews to ensure only high-quality software is committed.
Following agile software development methodologies.

What were looking for

Proven track record of delivering products with Unity and C
Strong understanding of all aspects of the software development lifecycle
Good communicator with the ability to work as part of a team of diverse skillsets
Experience with ARVR, mobile apps, desktop applications or games

You might also have

Experience in Automotive, Robotics, Transportation, Retail, or broader manufacturing industries
Experience with 3D graphics rendering and optimization techniques
Experience integrating new software development with existing enterprise systems

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-DF1 SENNote: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base salary range for the role. The actual salary for the successful candidate may differ based on location, experience, and other job-related factors.Gross base salary121,000—163,700 CAD