The Opportunity
Unity Technologies is looking for a proactive, analytical, meticulous, and motivated individual to join our Success Ops team as a Business Strategy Analyst supporting our Customer Success Everywhere Org. You will be working with senior leaders to be the voice of the business in all initiatives supporting systems used across CSE org, helping the team to hit our goals by driving alignment, eliminating friction, and uncovering new opportunities as we scale!
What youll be doing

Work with multi-functional teams (Business Intelligence and Analysis, Product Management, Sales, Support, and more) to drive key business initiatives
Primarily supporting Gainsight operations and enabling internal customer success teams operationally through the internal Jira ticketing management system
Proactively monitor, identify, and resolve business-critical problems or risks in Gainsight but not limited to it
Buildimprovedrive scalable operational processes between multiple functions
Define key metrics and dashboards to supervise key business metrics

What were looking for

Analytical: Comfortable taking a quantitative approach to problem-solving, comfortable working with SQL, Gainsight Admin certification
Breadth: Thinking of the potential impacts of different actionsdecisions on the business as a whole and driving for alignment with different collaborators.
Background in management consulting, BizOps, and high-growth tech
Adaptability and Growth Mindset: Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment
Helping customers is your passion! and you dont hesitate to go above and beyond to help them.

You might also have

Dataanalytics, andor game ops experience
Operational experience at a high-growth startup
Prior experience in Customer Success and customer support

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visasimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
LI-AM1 MID