We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
UnityWt Digitals Engineering Department is seeking a versatile and enthusiastic On-Set support engineer to join our team and support our virtual production operations.
If youre passionate about collaborating with and helping users create visually stunning films, we want to talk to you!
This opportunity is to join Wt Digitals NZ On-Set support team. You will be charged with maintaining Wetas tools and technology used to facilitate the virtual filmmaking process. Your role will involve triaging issues, identifying bugs and bottlenecks, and collaborating with on-set artists to find pragmatic solutions to high-priority problems. This role operates in a dynamic and fast-paced environment and you are expected to handle high-pressure situations with composure and confidence. Additionally, its important to be aware that this position may require working flexible hours or on weekends to meet the demands of the production.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
What youll be doing:

Provide front-line technical support for artists authoring content for virtual production
Troubleshoot software, debug issues and liaise with other development teams
Assist in testing, deployment and training of new software and workflows
Triage issues from engineering and pipeline software support queues
Proactively identify and find resolution to bugs and performance bottlenecks

What were looking for:

Python debugging and profiling experience (additionally, Linux experience is a strong preference)
Customer oriented, demonstrating insight into users challenges and the ability to provide support to ensure a positive user experience
Excellent communication and teamwork skills
Strong sense of prioritization and pragmatic approach to problem solving
Can work independently and collaborate with technical and artistic teams across the facility

You might also have:

Ability to convey complex topics simply and catered to the appropriate audience (e.g. discussing something with a C engineer vs TD vs Animator)
Familiarity with VFX production pipelines and common DCC apps (Maya, Motionbuilder, etc)
Hands-on experience with debugging tools such as gdb, vtune, heaptrack

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, disability, gender, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-EL2 MID