We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity 
Unity is seeking a Deal Operations Associate Lead to lead our Deal Operations Team for AMER within our growing global core Sales Operations team. This role would support our internal sales teams and their clients with Salesforce ticket management, process improvement, identifying key data insights, building strong processes and maintaining response times. This role will require coordination across multiple teams, following established protocols, multitasking, systems know-how, attention to detail, and excellent communication and problem-solving skills. Your day-to-day will consist of team management, critical issue support, process development, finding opportunities to improve operational efficiency, and being a general go-to person for the America Core Sales organization.
What youll be doing

Work with Sales Leadership to enable success of the sales organization by supporting the order processing and execution of various operational activities for opportunity to cash process
Partner with Sales, Finance, Marketing on data accuracy, order processing, contract review and engagement programs to improve revenue for the business
Assist in the definition of As-Is processes, identify problems  implement improvements  automation ideas to enhance sales admin efficiency globally
Drive operational efficiencies by automating and improving processes, tools, and dashboards that scale

What were looking for

Experience working with a growing sales organization in sales operations, finance, business operations, or consulting
Self-Motivated with outstanding interpersonal skills (written  verbal)
Strong proactive attitude and can demonstrate accountability with small and big initiatives
Understanding of contracting terms and compliance requirements for booking processes

You might also have

Self-starter, independent, and able to execute with high-level mentorship and minimal direction
Strong problem solving, judgment, and organizational skills
Passionate about details, systems, and process
Strong understanding of sales processes, roles, and responsibilities

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.

LI-RE1 SEN

 
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary84,300—97,750 USD