We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unitys Industry team is growing and we are looking for talented technical artists. Our professional services team works across multiple platforms and industries, incorporating cutting edge technologies like XR, ML, robotics and IoT. We use the Unity engine to build custom software solutions in a wide range of technically diverse fields, including architecture, automotive, retail, entertainment and games!
Your day-to-day work will apply your diverse technical art skill set on an application project team. As a Senior Technical Artist, youll play a meaningful role in each phase of your projects, from concept and proposal to planning and implementation, through client delivery. While your focus will be on building real-time 3D experiences, youll also work with our engineers and designers to ingest and visualize real world data. Youre an experienced technical artist that owns your work, helps guide others, and maintains a passion to learn and grow. You have the confidence and skills to champion and drive outstanding interactive experiences for discerning clients.
Our cross-disciplinary teams consist of world class application  cloud developers, technical artists, 3d artists, UX  UI designers. Our goal is to inspire customers and transform industries. We are committed to maintaining a diverse team, and we welcome and encourage applicants with diverse experiences and backgrounds.
What were looking for

Solid understanding of one or more 3D creation suites (Maya, Blender, etc)
Experience and technical understanding of 3D model optimization and performance
Experience writing, modifying, or optimizing shaders or other rendering effects.
Experience with art production workflows such as modeling, texturing, rigging, animation, or lighting with HDRPURP
Intermediate skill with C or another programming language

You might also have

Experience with commercialindustrial data (CAD, BIM, GIS, LIDAR, point clouds, etc.)
Production experience with developing headset ARVR applications
Rendering performance  optimization techniques

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.




Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.




This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
LI-DF1 SEN