We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Unity Premium Support is the bridge between our customers and our development teams. Our customers demand highly qualified engineers to keep their projects on track, and they present us with a wide variety of problems which require agile thinking and working skills. Flexibility, curiosity and diplomacy are also needed.
In return, we are constantly learning about the latest features of Unity, and get to help nurture some of the most exciting games in development today! We are looking for an experienced game developer (with Unity or other engines) to join our team in Pereira. This is a permanent position based in the Pereira office. Travel is not required but opportunities may be available to attend conferences and visit customers. Previous console development experience is advantageous but not a requirement.
What youll be doing 

Provide timely and accurate technical support and solutions for games developers working with Unity on the Nintendo, PlayStation andor Xbox One andor Xbox Series X platforms
Solve customer problems by collaborating with customers and coworkers via online ticketing or any other appropriate medium
Proactively maintain excellent relations between the technical support team and other departments within Unity
Contribute to the Unity documentation and other resource materials

What were looking for 

Excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving skills
Proficiency with either C or C
Willingness to learn new skills and areas of Unity
Excellent English communication skills, additional languages a bonus
Experience deploying, debugging andor profiling games on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation or Xbox platforms

You might also have

Experience developing games, apps or simulations with Unity on other platforms (Android, iOS, etc)
Game development experience, in a commercial production environment
Knowledge of SCM software (Git, SVN, Mercurial, P4) and available external hosting platforms

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
MID LI-VR1