We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Our Customer Success team is looking for a relationship builder with the dedication to tackle hard problems to join our team as a Partner Advisor for Industrial. You will work with a variety of exciting technologies including Unity Editor, ARFoundation, Pixyz, Forma, and many others. The Partner Advisor team is a rapidly-growing function within Unity Create Solutions and this is an outstanding chance to create a big impact at scale as part of the Industriess team.
In this role, you will be a key promoter of our development solutions. Youll have a focus on ensuring successful adoption and value realisation for our small-to-medium business Industrial customers. Collaborate with our support, sales and product teams ensuring our customers realise value with Unity. Most importantly, you will interact with the heart of Unity, our customers! The Partner Advisors team embodies all Unity values to deliver an outstanding customer experience: Users First, In it Together, Best Ideas Win and Go Bold.
Are you ready to embrace this challenge? If nothing excites you more than working in a customer-facing role in a fast-paced environment that requires the highest level of integrity, apply today!
What youll be doing


Serve as the trusted advisor to enable customers to successfully apply our tools to achieve their business objectives.


Set up customer calls to assist in driving retention and growth by understanding customers needs, helping them succeed and identifying any potential risks.


Ensure that customers move swiftly and positively through their subscription, promoting feature adoption where appropriate during customer calls or via email outreach.


Use Gainsight and the customer health score to analyse customer behaviour patterns, discover insights and act upon these to proactively improve retention, prevent failure, and reinforce our customers success.


Be the voice of our Industrial customers, funnelling customer feedback to the appropriate teams via our internal channels to improve the end-to-end customer journey and address product gaps.


What were looking for


Experience working in the Architecture, Engineering, Construction, or Manufacturing industries.


Experience supporting customers with SaaS products - possibly have held one (or more) of the following titles: Customer Success Manager, Client Outcomes Manager, Account Manager, Onboarding Specialist.


Comfortable balancing multiple customers across different verticals and stages of growth and able to adjust as business requirements change.


Strong analytical and technical skills and a data-driven approach to your work.


Excellent English communication skills (written and verbal).


You might also have


Comfortable with 3D model file formats and software like Revit, Navisworks, Maya, Max, Sketchup.


An understanding of software andor product development process (C , Unity Editor, game development).


Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
Relocation support is not available for this position. Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
LI-AM1 MID