We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Are you looking to join a dynamic, agile team with a growth mindset? If so, wed love to meet you. As an Account Manager at Aura from Unity, you will be the mastermind behind the success of key, strategic clients and will be responsible for a book of business with a total annual worth of 8 figures!
In this role, you will work with major app developers, game developers, mobile agencies, and media agencies and you will own the success of high profile clients and will be responsible for analyzing performance and strategizing improvements that will increase the success of the clients business goals. You will develop product and market expertise in order to best advise clients regarding ad-buys, supply sources, attribution, bidding, ad-units and targeting!
What youll be doing

Be the main point of contact to lead and improve business opportunities and revenue targets.
Establish and maintain strong relationships with key clientsadvertising partners.
Build Quarterly Business Review presentations and Competitive Insights to effectively educate and upsell clients.
Understand the product inside and out to project manage all troubleshooting efforts and integrations with the Technical Team to ensure issues and integrations are communicated, resolved and completed in a timely manner.
Support Sales Managers in closing new business including developing campaign strategies to meet client objectives.

What were looking for

This team is agile, energetic and hungry. Therefore, being upbeat and having an aim to be part of an innovative, fast-paced,  growth-focused environment is key to your success.
There are many moving parts to juggle with internal and external partners. You will need excellent organization, prioritization and communication skills (verbal, written communication, presentation and facilitation) to excel.
The ability to multitask and prioritize your workload, as well as handle details accurately while keeping the big picture in mind will help you succeed.
This team is constantly looking for new ways to grow partnerships with their clients. A strong analytical approach with the ability to build strategies through collecting, organizing, dissecting, evaluating, and analyzing data using Microsoft Excel is a huge benefit.

You might also have

We are collaborative and work cross functionally not only locally but globally. You will need to hone in on your verbal, written, presentation and facilitation skills in order to succeed with various partners across the globe.
Previous experience in the online or mobile advertising industry in a customer facing role, with a history of growing accounts and achieving revenue targets
Self-motivated and a phenomenal teammate with a can-do attitude that is willing to go above and beyond will be able to lead their professional growth to new heights.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.


Relocation support is not available for this position. 
Work visa  immigration sponsorship is not available for this position
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.


Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-MR1 MID
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary111,375—131,125 USD