We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
The Customer Experience Team is the first point of contact for Unity users who need help and guidance. As a Customer Experience Specialist, you will be key in supporting our global users with their non technical questions, focusing on services related to the Unity Asset Store, Digital Twin products and Professional Artistry.
As a member of the team, you will be responsible for answering complex service requests via Email, alongside article creation for our Self Serve offering. This requires the need for deep product knowledge, enhanced problem solving capabilities and an understanding of backend system use.
As well as supporting customers in an empathetic manner, we work closely with other Unity teams including Customer Experience Advisors, product functions, and internal developers to proactively provide feedback and resolve issues, whilst putting our users first.
Training in our service processes will be provided at the start of this permanent position. We will also invest in training to support your professional growth throughout your employment.
Our Team places importance on kindness and inclusion as our central values.
This is a permanent position based in our Seoul office.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
What youll be doing 

Answering user questions on product service areas with clarity and empathy, in a timely manner via Email
Writing and maintaining articles for our Knowledge Base to enable our users to self-serve
Maintaining a high standard of quality to ensure customer satisfaction and efficiency in resolution time
Be the voice of our customers! Work with internal stakeholders to improve product offerings by identifying and providing feedback on customer pain points

What were looking for 

Experience in a front line customer service role, where understanding technical terminologies and product features was necessary
Excellent proficiency in English and Korean (both written and spoken)
A love of learning, as we work in a fast-paced environment with lots of changes

You might also have

Experience of different support software - Email, Live Chat, andor Ticketing systems e.g. Zendesk, Service Now,
Understanding of IT system fundamentals and networking terminologies
Familiarity with 3D Model software - eg. Autodesk Maya, Revit

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, disability, gender, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
 