We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
As a XR graphics developer in the Render Pipeline group, you will participate building ground breaking XR features for Unity real-time graphics. Working with other engineers you will help craft the future technology of our Scriptable Render Pipelines for cross reality. Our groups mission is to build the most scalable and extensible render pipeline environment. Our work runs on billions of devices from the lowest-end mobile to the highest-end desktops and consoles.
Imagine a team of developers crafting outstanding AAA-quality content all by themselves! Imagine an artist, having access to powerful technology to fulfill their vision! That is the world we at Unity want to create. And we need your help to build it.
You will learn our engines capabilities, then help us expand them for XR to empower Unity game developers to craft incredible experiences. Most importantly, you will work with an exciting and high-energy team at a company that jealously guards work-life balance.
We are committed to maintain a diverse team, and we welcome and encourage applicants from all backgrounds. The desire to learn and the willingness to solve problems are more important to us than your experience. We encourage you to apply even if you do not think you tick all the boxes. Our diversity is what we believe makes our teams thrive.
What youll be doing 

Develop, optimize, and maintain high-quality rendering, fine-tuned for XR
Invent, extend, and maintain features
Build relationships with other Unitys development teams to gather requirements and feedback
Adapt to new technologies in a multi-disciplinary environment

What were looking for 

Confirmed programming skills in C
Confirmed XR rendering knowledge, especially low level SDK
Ability to profile, analyse, and improve performances, especially on Mobile
Ability to collaborate and clearly communicate ideas and technical knowledge with others
Ability to work independently and demonstrate initiative

You might also have

High level knowledge on single path instanced rendering
AR and geometry processing knowledge
Understanding of C language

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.

International relocation support is not available for this position

 

LI-MC2 SEN 

 
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary134,000—181,800 USD