We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Inclusion at Unity is driven by one overarching framework: Empathy, Respect, and Opportunity
Come join Unity as a Senior SEC Reporting and Technical Accountant! This role will join the SEC Reporting and technical accounting team responsible for the accounting and reporting of all external reporting processes, including 10-Qs and 10-Ks, as well earnings releases, and proxy statement filings. This position is an excellent opportunity to join an exciting and passionate team at a fast-growing company, while developing strong working relationships with cross-functional partners and various levels of management.
What youll be doing 

Participate in the preparation of all external financial reporting, including Forms 10-QK, earnings releases, proxy statement, and other required SEC filings.
Assist in preparation of the balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flows, statements of stockholders equity, earnings per share, GAAP checklist, and other financial disclosure requirements with such filings.
Perform global accounting for share-based compensation awards, including RSUs, stock options, and ESPP by performing the valuation of compensation granted, calculation of quarterly expense, and updating quarterly memos.
Coordinate the information gathering process across the organization including Stock Admin, Technical Accounting, FPA, legal, tax, treasury, and other internal business partners.
Review XBRL interactive data files for all Form 10-Q and 10-K filings in accordance with the SEC filing requirements.
Assist in development and maintenance of policies and procedures related to SEC Reporting and share-based compensation, and ensure compliance with SOX and internal controls.

What were looking for 

Certified Public Accountant with public accounting andor public company experience
SEC Reporting and technical accounting background with a knowledge of US GAAP and SEC reporting standards
Experience with SEC Reporting filings and writing technical accounting memos
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work in a dynamic, fast paced environment

You might also have

Workiva and Workday Financials experience
Experience working with a geographically dispersed team
Experience working with technology or SaaS companies

Additional Information
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-VR1 SEN
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary80,800—109,300 USD