We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.Unity is seeking a dedicated and motivated Workday Integration Engineer to join our Enterprise Tech team. You will play a crucial role in ensuring flawless interoperability between our software applications, systems, and third-party services while working closely with cross-functional teams including software developers, quality assurance, and project managers.You will be responsible for developing the integration for Finance, People, Legal, and GTM Teams, ensuring detailed operation and high quality, and driving technological innovation to improve existing integrations. You will collaborate with diverse teams, including finance, IT, and operations, to design, implement, and handle sophisticated integrations and automation solutions that align with our strategic goals and promote operational efficiency!What youll be doing Collaborate with software development teams in IT to design and implement integration solutions that enable efficient data exchange between various software applications and systems.Develop and maintain integration architectures, protocols, and APIs that support reliable communication between different components of our software ecosystem.Identify integration bottlenecks, performance issues, and potential areas for optimization, and propose and implement solutions to address them.Participate in code reviews and provide constructive feedback to ensure integration best practices and coding standards are upheld. Build and maintain comprehensive documentation related to integration processes, configurations, and troubleshooting steps.Stay up-to-date with industry trends, and new technologies related to software integration and recommend improvements to existing processes.What were looking for Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field Proficiency in Node.js, Java, or Python for writing clean, maintainable integration code with a strong understanding of integration principles and patternsFamiliarity with API design, RESTful services, messaging protocols (HTTP, File), and data formats (JSON, XML).Workato EIB and Workato Studio Integrations and showcased strong troubleshooting skills.Knowledge of CICD pipelines a plus; cloud (GCP, AWS, Azure) and containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) experience desirable.You might also haveExperience in integrations with Workday (ERP, HRIS, Adaptive, Payroll), Salesforce, and Zuora.Zeal to learn new integration and automation technologies.Masters degree or equivalent experience in related fields aboveLife at UnityUnity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. Unity is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, disability, gender, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.