The opportunity
We are looking for a hands-on, impact-focused, and highly motivated Growth Strategy Manager. A strong candidate owns the creation and execution of business strategies to help grow Unity, by turning data into information, information into insight, and insights into business decisions
What youll be doing 

Play a key role developing strategic plans to meet business objectives
Identify, analyze and solve our most significant business problems and interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques, and provide ongoing reports.
Partner with cross-functional teams (account managers, sales, product, operations, marketing) to craft and prioritize growth strategies and initiatives
Locate and define new process improvement and develop automation and manage the pipeline for new verticals and partnerships from end to end, including launch, measurement, and cross-functional scaling.
Own business planning in product and process decision making and communicate data, patterns, and trends to team members, partners, and clients.

What were looking for 

Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Ability to multitask and handle various priorities in a fast paced environment.
Passionate about leading a project or initiative from beginning to end
Ability to take ownership and accountability
Agile workstyle where you can quickly adjust efforts as additional information surfaces

You might also have

Ad tech experience
A strong interest in gaming
SQL experience

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
International relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is provided for this role.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-MR1 SEN
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary154,100—181,300 USD