We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
The Grow marketing team is looking for a marketing manager to join the Ads marketing group and support our growing Programmatic Exchange Organization!
The Marketing Manager will carry out global marketing tasks to support and influence the strategic direction of the exchange business and by ensuring our solutions are visible, understood, and adopted by Unity clients and prospects. In this role, you will be working closely with different teams from all over the world!
This includes creation of content, sales enablement and training decks, facilitating case studies, working with cross-functional marketing teams to support implementation of marketing programs such as webinars, events, content marketing, product marketing and digital marketing campaigns.
What youll be doing 

Join the Unity Grow marketing organization, with exposure to a wide range of products used by the worlds leading game studios, app-based businesses, Fortune 500 brands and their media agencies
Learn the Grow Programmatic Solutions business strategy, get to know its customer and user personae, and develop the tools and campaigns that the company will use to introduce and sell to the market
Be the focal point for all marketing aspects of the exchange business and act as the advocate for customers and understand their feedback

What were looking for 

Ability to write all content types, including sales enablement decks, one-sheets, promotional video scripts, messaging frameworks, newsletters, and case studies
Passionate about using every available marketing channel and program to engage your audience
Experience working with brand marketers, demand-side-platforms (DSPs), supply-side-platforms (SSPs)

You might also have

Collaborative, natural team player who loves to get things done
Open to receiving and giving constructive feedback
Critical thinker with an eye for detail and an awareness of the big picture

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-MS2 MID
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary68,900—93,200 USD