We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Our mission in the Console Platforms team is to empower our users to build outstanding games on Nintendo, Sony and Microsoft consoles. Crafting a great user experience, unlocking the potential of console-specific features and enabling Unity games to run as fast as possible on the hardware are among the things that drive us. We also love supporting Unity developers, to help make their games even more incredible!
Were looking for a Software Engineer to join our enthusiastic and friendly team of knowledgeable developers. You will be a trusted part of the group, working with a variety of systems and features to maintain and enhance Unity support on console platforms.
Unity is used in a huge and diverse range of console games across all genres. You will have the opportunity to develop and influence technology used by developers big and small, in studios all over the world. Youll also be given the time and support to grow your knowledge in technical areas that youre interested in.
With your help, titles built with Unity will continue to be some of the best games on current and future console platforms!
We are committed to equal opportunities and growing a diverse team, we welcome and encourage applicants with diverse experiences and backgrounds.
What youll be doing

Developing high-quality, performant engine systems
Maintaining our codebase, improving performance, quality and stability
Helping other Unity engineers with platform specific problems
Supporting our users, helping them bring their games to console and achieve their goals

What were looking for

Proficiency with C development and software engineering
The ability and to debug, diagnose and solve problems throughout a codebase
An understanding of profiling and optimisation methods

You might also have

Experience developing with Unity and C
An empathetic approach to supporting users
A passion for console platforms and games

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
LI-MID LI-HYBRID LI-JR1