We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Inclusion at Unity is driven by one overarching framework: Empathy, Respect, and Opportunity.
At Unity, Risk Assurance and Advisory provides independent, objective assurance and consulting services designed to add value and improve Unitys operations.
The Senior Internal Auditor will support Risk Assurance and Advisory Programs including Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) compliance, Operational Audit, and Enterprise Risk Management. We help Unity achieve its business objectives by bringing a systematic, objective, and disciplined approach to evaluating the effectiveness of the Companys governance, risk management, and compliance and control practices.
What youll be doing 

Support the SOX compliance program, including planning, scoping, reviewing, testing, analysis, evaluation, and conclusion of the design and effectiveness of Unitys internal controls over financial reporting
Partner with outsourced providers supporting SOX Compliance, as well as external auditors to gain efficiencies
Build relationships and collaborate cross-functionally with process owners to gain an understanding of their operations and underlying internal control environment
Provide advisory (consulting) services to business processsystem owners and proactively evaluate process and planned changes to identify and highlight potential risks and processcontrol recommendations
Support other projects, as needed

What were looking for 

Experience with public company SOX requirements, external audit, internal audit, risk management, controls andor corporate compliance
Demonstrated research capabilities with strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong knowledge of US GAAP applicable to the technology industry, PCAOB and COSOInternal Audit standards
Demonstrated attention to detail, organization, and continuous improvement towards leading practices
Positive self-starter can-do approach and goal to drive positive impact at Unity

You might also have

Strong verbal, and written communication skills
Professional certification equivalent to a CA, CPA, CIA, or CISA
Big 4 Audit experience andor industry background in AdTech or Software industry

Relocation support is not available for this position. Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, disability, gender, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-CW2 SEN