We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Aura from Unity is an on-device platform that enables Telcos and OEMs to harmonise with their customers, driving the right experiences for the right users at the right time! Aura has been growing rapidly over the last years, and is already a trusted partner to some of the largest and most influential global Telco and OEM brands. Unity is seeking a Senior Strategic Partner Manager to help build and grow its partnerships with some of top tier Telcos and OEMs across the European region.
You will help drive customer loyalty, shape and grow product offerings, and developing partnerships with our Telco  OEM clients in order to scale Unitys position in the EU market and turn new opportunities into long-term relationships with reliable and scalable revenue streams.
What youll be doing 

Connect, negotiate and develop high-impact relationships with top tie Telco partners in Europe to build meaningful business partnerships and support company growth in Europe
Identify market trends and clients difficulties to help shape our product roadmap
Liaise with internal technical, operation and performance teams to meet and grow business objective as well as support our customers when needed
Negotiate and close strategic business deals with existing and new potential customers

What were looking for 

10 years of professional experience in B2B sales, business development, account management roles in the Telco and OEM industry or relevant industries is needed
Proven track record of interacting, developing, and building close relationships with B2B and particularly with large enterprise customers.
Outstanding client leadership skills, with proven success in businessclient retention and business growth
Data-driven, business analysis skills and detail oriented, with strong analytical skills
Proven knowledge in mobile ad tech and Telco  OEM VAS industries
Outstanding presentation skills
BABS degree or equivalent

You might also have

French andor Spanish is an advantage
Proven knowledge of the Android applications ecosystem

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.

International relocation support is not available for this position.
 
LI-HT1 SEN
