We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The Opportunity
At Unity, we are passionate about the new creative avenues that AR and VR bring to our developers. We are investing heavily in these futures, from integrating third party hardware to developing mechanisms to allow developers to easily take advantage of these new platforms.
Joining the XR Foundations team means working on one of the most popular game engines helping to integrate foundational ARVR technologies and devices. This role directly involves you with partners that are eager to see their platforms running experiences powered by Unity.
As a member of the XR Engineering team, you will help bring new XR platforms and features to Unity. While working in a multidisciplinary group environment, you will be provided opportunities to lead, learn and grow as a software engineer. If making all things XR related reach their full potential drives your professional career path, Unity should be the next stop in your career!
What youll be doing 

Implementing new technologies and innovative features into the Unity engine in support of XR. In addition, responsibilities will include extending existing tools, frameworks and workflows to improve developer efficiency. You will collaborate with other teams within the XR group, as well as our external partners, to help bring cohesive and user friendly experiences to developers
Working individually, or within a small group, to integrate third party SDKs for next generation hardware and software platforms
Working with new and existing hardware platforms to deliver a consistent development experience to our users
Ensuring quality by investigating reported issues, participating in code reviews and participating in ongoing meetings for project planning, status meetings, and QA updates. Writing automated tests around new or existing functionality; coordinating with embedded QA to establish standard methodologies, investigation of issues, and quality of code written

What were looking for 

ARVRXR experience
C, CC development experience
3D Math proficiency
Previous experience with Unity, or similar game engines

You might also have

Prior development experience with Android, iOS or other hardware platforms (game consoles, real-time OS as an example) in the Games space, or similar fields
Experience working with external groups and partners
A passion for future technologies

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
Relocation support is not available for this position.Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, Unity had, on average, 3.9 billion monthly active end users who consumed content created or operated with its solutions. The applications developed by these creators were downloaded, on average, five billion times per month in 2021. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
LI-AA MID
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary94,400—127,700 USD