We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
We are Industry (Digtial Twins) Solutions team at Unity, an innovative team building solutions beyond visualization to encompass real-time data ingestion, cross-platform accessibility, collaborative features, real-world integration, and simulation for a wide range of industry clients! Industry Solutions team works across multiple platforms incorporating groundbreaking technologies like XR, robotics, machine learning, and IoT. We work on a diverse range of business verticals including automotive, retail, manufacturing, and government.
Are you interested in applying your technical skillset across different industries for global companies? Youll solve difficult problems and implement core features, playing a meaningful role in building and delivering high-quality projectsproducts. Youre an experienced unity software developer that owns your work and maintains a passion to learn and grow. Our cross-disciplinary teams consist of world-class developers, technical artists, artists, designers, project managers and QA. Our mission is to democratize digital twins by enabling easy integration of Unitys services into the product lifecycle of the worlds largest industrial sectors.
Were committed to maintaining a diverse team, and we welcome and encourage applicants with diverse experiences and backgrounds.
International Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
What youll be doing 

Collaborate closely with internal developers worldwide to grasp and exchange innovative technology insights and incorporate them into the project.
Collaborate with external industry clients to design the architecture of digital twin solutions and estimate projects.
Work with the creative and project management teams to bring a design concept to life via implementation and deployment.
Lead and guide other developers by providing technical direction

What were looking for 

Experienced engineers with a solid record of delivering real-time 3D solutions from requirement gathering to design to implementation using Unity
Must have one or more technical interests in 3D industry solutions in areas such as smart factories, simulations, configurators, and HMI
Excellent interpersonal skills, enabling you to effectively influence and convey technical information to your team, external partners, and global internal stakeholders.
Proficiency in English is required.

You might also have

Experience in mentoring and leading senior, and junior engineers in high-growth environments
Experience with backend development, simulation, or AIML
Self-driven and proactive personality

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, disability, gender, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-DL1 SEN