We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Virtual and Augmented Reality are colliding and now we have AR on phones, passthrough cameras
on VR headsets and headsets with transparent displays. How do creators build experiences for this diverse range of devices? Thats what were figuring out; the XR future is coming, we intend to be there, and if you have ideas you should come and join us!
Unitys XR Features team builds the frameworks that let developers rapidly iterate on XR experiences and deploy them to multiple XR platforms. We create the APIs and workflows to let creators bring their ideas to XR as easily as possible.
As a software engineer on the XR Features team you will be making the tools that enable creators to ship immersive experiences to all the XR platforms that Unity supports, from smartphone AR, VR  AR head mounted displays, and as yet unannounced hardware. Youll be working in the technology stack that reaches from C platform APIs like OpenXR up to the C interfaces presented to Unity developers. Youll also work with designers, product managers and other fields to build the best developer experience we can.
XR is a growing team within Unity and youll have opportunity to shape the future of this exciting area and learn and grow along the way.
What youll be doing 

Working with our foundations team and platform providers to let developers write once and ship anywhere.
Defining how developers will interact with new hardware capabilities and software platforms.
Participating in an active development team. You will be reviewing code, improving the quality of our products and giving input to our future direction.

What were looking for

C and C development experience.
Experience or interest in XR application development.
Experience with real-time 3D graphics or game engines.

You might also have

Experience interacting with clientsusers of 3d software.
Experience with XR content creation.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
 LI-AA1 MID 
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary94,400—127,700 USD