We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Come join our small, yet mighty, Treasury team and have an enormous impact in crafting the future of Unity! Youll lead our global Capital Markets activities by driving our capital structure strategy, building out our investment portfolio, analyzing our foreign exchange risk, and supporting our exciting global expansion. You will have high visibility with significant influence on our financial results, risk management practices and require positive relationships across the business.
You will succeed in this role because you are fun, intellectually curious, and driven. We want you to be part of our journey!
What youll be doing

Lead Treasury projects related to global expansion and corporate development activities (acquisitions, divestitures, and integrations), including capital structure planning to support such activities
Observe and report on market trends and economic factors that influence key financial metrics, as well as considerations related to capital structure, investment, and foreign exchange decisions.
Review and recommend improvements on current treasury processes and technologies with a keen eye for operational efficiency
Accountable for Other Income and Expense (OIE) reporting, forecasting, and accuracy
Identify, measure, and manage foreign currency exposures  risk, including the design and execution of appropriate risk mitigation strategies (i.e., hedging)

What were looking for 

Corporate Treasury Capital Markets leadership experience including capital structure strategy, transactions, and rating agency engagement
Experience having a proactive approach and the ability to build relationships that support cross-functional teamwork and our core value of In It Together
Bachelors or Masters degree in business or related field
Proficient in financial modeling.
Strong communication skills and experience engaging and influencing senior leadership and external partners.

You might also have

MBA or CFA
Certified Treasury Professional (CTP)
Experience with Workday ERP

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-VR1 SEN
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary121,300—164,200 USD