We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
At Unity, we are driving the wholesale adoption of Realtime 3D (RT3D) across many different businesses and industries. We strive to help companies accelerate through their digital transformation programs and create the foundations for Web 3.0!
Key to our success is the technical competencies across our Customer Success organization. In this role, you will work with senior leaders across customer success to identify and analyze sophisticated and technical training needs and turn them into impactful training and development programs.
As a Technical Enablement Consultant, you will be responsible for helping our Customer Success teams improve the value of our products and services through comprehensive technical training and enablement programs.
This role reports to the Business Operations Manager in the Product, Enablement, and Training Organization within Customer Success Everywhere.
What youll be doing 

Build and maintain senior strategic relationships within the Customer Success organization through effective communication and a deep understanding of their goals and challenges
Create an Enablement Roadmap and programs for each team
Design and deliver customized technical training programs, workshops, and documentation to meet the specific needs of each team
Collaborate with product teams and subject matter experts to deliver live training and content materials
Generate regular reports to demonstrate the impact of enablement on the teams success and support technical enablement dashboards

What were looking for 

Experience within a technical sales environment
Experience in Technical Enablement and e-learning platforms
Project management skills to coordinate and deliver training programs effectively
Attention to details
Strong interpersonal, presentation, and communication skills

You might also have

Experience with a Customer Service organization
Experience in sales or technical enablement
Ability to adapt training approaches to diverse audiences, including technical and non-technical stakeholders.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-RE1 SEN
 
Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary84,300—99,000 USD