We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Our mission in the Platform Systems team is to make Unity the best engine choice for developers on all of the platforms that we support. Unlocking the potential of platform-specific features and services, and making Unity games and applications run ever faster are among the things that get us up in the morning. We also love to work together with Unity developers to make their projects even more incredible!
Were looking for a Software Developer to join our enthusiastic, experienced and friendly team based in Stratford-upon-Avon. Youll be a trusted part of the group, working on significant improvements and groundbreaking features specifically for Unity on Xbox, Windows, and Universal Windows Platform.
Unity is used in a huge and diverse range of games across all genres. You will have the opportunity to develop and influence technology used by developers in studios all over the world. Youll also be given the time and support to grow your knowledge in technical areas youre interested in.
When were at the office youll find us in a couple of converted farm buildings, surrounded by sheep and tractors, where the environment is informal, relaxed, and inclusive. Unity offers a hybrid working environment, with a balance between time spent working from home and in the office.
With your help, games built with Unity will continue to be some of the best on the market.
What youll be doing

Design, and develop solid and performant engine systems
Maintain existing systems, improving performance, testability and stability
Work with cross-functional teams to bring new engine features to Unity
Improve our test infrastructure and tools to allow more developers at Unity to run and test their code efficiently
Stay up to date on the latest development practices for both Unity and the games industry at large

What were looking for

Multi-platform programming experience in games or middleware
C and C programming language knowledge
Familiarity with the Microsoft platforms, including the Xbox family of consoles
Customer-centric and empathetic approach to supporting our customers and users

You might also have

Experience developing with Unity
Knowledge of Computational Complexity and related Mathematics
Passion for games

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
International relocation support is not available for this position.
LI-JR1 MID 