We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
We are on the lookout for an experienced Senior Product Manager to join our innovative Data Team. In this role, you will be at the forefront of shaping and optimizing our data-related products and services, with a specific focus on user profiles, events handling, and related functionalities. Your work will play a pivotal role in enhancing the data infrastructure that fuels our platform and empowers our clients to make data-driven decisions.
You will draw upon your past experience working with all aspects of product management from research to roadmapping. We value prior experience in mobile advertising, user acquisition, and advertising technology in a fast-growth company or a software startup. We are also super interested in inquisitive and passionate people above all. In addition to your solid understanding of product and Ads, youll use your communication skills, both in writing and in person to work closely with data scientists, engineers and most of all our other product teams across the globe! Helping bring new services to market!
What youll be doing 

Collaborate closely with the Data Team to improve the quality, accuracy, and depth of user profiles, ensuring they support advanced targeting and personalization.
Lead efforts to develop robust event handling capabilities, enabling clients to track and analyze user interactions effectively.
Develop and execute a comprehensive product strategy for the conversion model, aligning it with the companys broader goals and vision.
Work with organisational stakeholders and development teams to define and prioritise the product roadmap
Define and track KPIs to assess the success and impact of data products, iterating on strategies based on data-driven insights.

What were looking for 

Experience within Ad tech, mobile advertising or user acquisition
Ability to build relationships with other teams in different offices to enable working on shared product goals
Ability to think critically about product strategy, positioning and customer value
Ability to effectively communicate and discuss technical requirements with engineering, data science, and commercial teams

You might also have

Passion for game developers and their creations

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
International relocation support is not available for this position.
LI-JP1 SEN