We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Do you enjoy working in a fast-paced environment, like challenges, and have fun solving complex problems? If so, this opportunity will fit you well! We have an internship position for someone to take part in helping support our thousands of customers who use Unity. During this internship, you will connect with the customers and the Quality Assurance team to ensure timely, well-mannered, and accurate responses are provided to our customers who have submitted bug reports. Also, you will have an opportunity to reproduce and clean the bug reports for further handling by the Unity team. You will help Unity stay one step ahead in ensuring quality while maintaining speed and ability.
This is a 3-month internship.
What youll be doing 

Reproducing internal and external bug reports
Exploring the scope of customer bug reports and provide more detailed advice to developers
You will be collaborating with multiple partners across different departments

What were looking for 

Need to be currently be enrolled in a relevant Bachelors or Masters degree program
Experience with an object-oriented programming language such as C, C
You are confident in communicating with colleagues and customers in the English language
To be self-motivated and able to work independently

You might also have

It is a plus if you have experience using Unity

Additional information
Gross Pay (euros): unpaid

Note: Certain locations, such as Lithuania, require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-SR3 IN