We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
At Unity, we believe the world is a better place with more creators in it. We want to make it easier for game developers to build, test, and publish their games. Creators should be able to spend more time focused on delivering immersive experiences and less time on the mechanics of software development.
Our team is involved in multiple areas, build systems, test tools, and testing frameworks. We are passionate about making the Unity engine more reliable and easier to use.
We are looking for a passionate candidate who can tackle different challenges and is eager to learn new things, We want you to join us on our journey to get our test tooling in the best shape possible, learning and thinking about scalability, maintainability, and user experience on a day-to-day basis, always trying to provide developers with the best user experience possible.
An ideal candidate will be collaborative by nature, with strong problem-solving and communication skills.
Not sure if you tick all the boxes? Dont worry! We are looking for passionate and eager-to-learn people who are interested in the .NET ecosystem. Apply and join us!
What youll be doing

Work on our internal test tools, and script compilation pipeline
Deliver a reliable and high-quality product to improve developer velocity and experience
Working closely with other Unity teams to ensure developers have a great user experience

What were looking for

Good programming skills, some experience with C, C or similar
Good problem-solving skills
Strong willingness to learn
Enjoy collaborating with others
Understanding of the .NET ecosystem

You might also have

Experience with Unity
Experience with MSBuild
Good knowledge of how to use a test framework such as nunit

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com. 
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-JR2 MID