We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Join our team to play a meaningful role in helping our clients build innovative solutions and tackle ambitious problems in various industries including. Automotive Transportation  Manufacturing and Architecture Engineering  Constructions.
You will work with several different teams to manage activities across different client projects, to continuously improve and adapt our development processes to enhance delivery.
Working closely with our sales teams, you will facilitate communication with the client and ensure that visions are aligned across different fields, from design to engineering.
If youre customer-centric and is driven by the prospect of coordinating and building sophisticated product and service pipelines with teams spanning the continent, this is the job for you!
This role will involve periodic travel to client and Unity offices; may include some cross-continental travel.
What youll be doing 

Manage the scope and capacity of the team throughout to ensure quality of results whilst maintaining profitability of the project life cycle
Continually drive day-to-day production across different internal development and external partner teams, scheduling sprints, balancing priorities, and supervising progress
Partner with the project leadership team to handle the entire development, release and support processes of your projects
Build positive relationships with client teams, Unitys internal teams and external partners
Generate and present weekly project status reports for key team members with ongoing risk management

What were looking for 

Project Manager with extensive experience working in Industry or Games on sophisticated projects
Strong influencer with great communication skills in Japanese and English, able to work with diverse groups and align teams around common goals
Professional demeanor with interpersonal skills, and are able to resolve complex issues with empathy
Adaptability to adopt and navigate change is absolutely crucial in our fast-paced environment
Solid understanding of JIRA, PSA tools, Games engines or other softwares for industry uses (e.g. CATIA, VRED, Revit).

You might also have

Knowledge of pitch realtime 3D project proposal
Knowledge of Automotive projects such as car Configurator based on PLM system or HMI embedded system using specified protocols like CAN, UDP.
Knowledge of Visualization of virtual factory based on BIM  CAD data and related protocols like PLC, UDP.

Relocation support is not available for this position.
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.
Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, disability, gender, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-CW2 SEN