We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Join our growing team and help lead our benefits program and team in AMER and APAC! Do you enjoy building processes and a fast-paced environment? This role is part of the Wellbeing Org, which helps promote wellbeing for our employees and their families through both benefit design and organizational wellbeing strategies. This role will help lead the benefits specialist team in AMER and APAC. Through thoughtful and compliant benefit design, youre impacting our employees health and wellbeing across the Americas and Asia Pacific.
What youll be doing 

Youll apply your subject matter expertise to craft, develop, and lead complex benefits across multiple geographic regions
Youll implement plans to improve our processes and policies, and work with the team to implement
Supervise benefit delivery and partner with various vendors and brokers to deliver a streamlined employee benefit experience
Manage a team of AMER and APAC benefits specialists
Design and lead trainings for business partners and HR colleagues

What were looking for 

Youre experienced in global benefit plans, regulation, and strategies, with solid knowledge of US benefits
Youre knowledgeable about benefit-related regulatory requirements in multiple countries in the Americas and in Asia Pacific
You thrive in a high growth and faced paced environment
A proven people manager, who leads with empathy and is invested in the growth of your team
Youre an excellent communicator and work well cross-functionally with business partners

You might also have

Experience working in a global technology company
Benefits program management experience

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.

LI-TM1 SEN Li-Hybrid

Note: Certain locations require a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay salary116,200—157,300 USD