The opportunity
We are looking for a hardworking Student Worker to support our DOTS development process! As an Embedded Student Worker Tester , you will enrich the quality of work delivered by our development teams. In this role, you will mirror artist workflows, develop internal test projects and continuously create use cases in order to identify issues from a user perspective and support the DOTS development process. We expect you to create scenarios and produce test scenes while using different technologies in our DOTS production pipeline and provide constant feedback to DOTS development teams regarding the stability and robustness of the current process.
This role will involve working 15 - 20 hours per week and the hours are flexible around your studies.
Please include to include your portfolio or website when applying
What youll be doing

Work very closely with a feature team and the technology they develop and participate in code reviews
Create detailed test documentation and communicate findings with developers, release management, and RD QA
Collaborate with colleagues from RD Unity and always stay up to date regarding the latest features in their pipelines
Partner with developers and test engineers to improve test and release processes

What were looking for

You must currently be enrolled in a relevant Bachelors or Masters degree program, such as Gaming or Computer science.
Prior experience using Unity
Excellent communication and writing skills in English
You should be self-motivated, able to work independently and in a team environment
Willingness to constantly learn and use new technology
Experienced with C and C

You might also have

Understanding of the Software Testing Life Cycle.
Understanding of basic software development practices (Agile  Scrum)
Previous experience with a game production company in a similar student worker role


Relocation support is not available for this position. Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position.

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
The companys 1,800 person research and development team keeps Unity at the forefront of development by working alongside partners to ensure optimized support for the latest releases and platforms. Apps developed by Unity creators were downloaded more than five billion times per month in 2020. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.
INT LI-SR3