We believe work is better when people are in the same physical space together. At Unity, we offer a hybrid-first approach that fosters the alignment and connectedness we get from being together while retaining the benefits of flexibility. Employees are expected to work from an office on average 3-days a week unless otherwise agreed with the company or specified in their employment contract.
The opportunity
Content Curators are knowledgeable and passionate about game development and interactive media. Team performance is measured based on the ability to support, process, and maintain content offerings. Performing these tasks directly impacts the quality of service and products offered within Unitys marketplace, and content libraries. This role is perfect for students looking to gain valuable experience in the industry. Are you ready to take on the challenge!?
What youll be doing 

Evaluating digital assets submitted by creators for inclusion in the Unity Asset Store. This includes 3D models, textures, audio assets, animations, and more
Collaborating with creators on asset submissions and guide them on improving their work for acceptance
Assisting internal teams, and third party Asset Store providers

What were looking for 

Currently enrolled in a college or university program
Experience with strong writing and communications skills in English
Ability to work independently and with teammates

You might also have

Curiosity about digital assets, game development, or the Unity Engine ecosystem
Basic understanding of 3D modeling, game design, or content creation is a plus
Scripting, andor sound design skills

What you can expect

Gain hands-on experience in the digital asset and gaming industry
Flexible work hours to accommodate your student schedule
Opportunity to work with a passionate team in a creative environment
Access to valuable resources and learning opportunities

Life at Unity
Unity (NYSE: U) is the worlds leading platform for creating and operating real-time 3D (RT3D) content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, automotive designers, filmmakers, and others, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. Unity is the foundation upon which the worlds most powerful digital content is created. Specifically, Unitys platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, more than 70 of the top 1000 mobile games were made with Unity as derived from a blended number of the top 1000 games in the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. In 2022, Made with Unity Applications had more than 4 billion downloads per month. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.
Unity is a proud equal opportunity employer. We are committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment and celebrate our employees across age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. Our differences are strengths that enable us to support the growing and evolving needs of our customers, partners, and collaborators. If there are preparations or accommodations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please fill out this form to let us know.
This position requires the incumbent to have a sufficient knowledge of English to have professional verbal and written exchanges in this language since the performance of the duties related to this position requires frequent and regular communication with colleagues and partners located worldwide and whose common language is English.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumesCVs through this website or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.


Relocation support is not available for this position.
 
Work visaimmigration sponsorship is not available for this position. 


Your privacy is important to us. Please take a moment to review our Prospect and Applicant Privacy Policies. Should you have any concerns about your privacy, please contact us at DPOunity.com.
LI-SR3 INT
Note: Lithuania requires a good faith disclosure of the base pay for the role. The actual base pay for the successful candidate may differ based on location and level.
Gross pay monthly1.615,75—1.615,75 EUR