Unqork is the leading Codeless as a Service platform that helps leading organizations build, deploy and manage complex software without having to think about code. Unqork created the codeless architecture standard  the future of software development that frees the worlds largest enterprises from the pitfalls of legacy code and allows them to focus on innovation to drive business and maintain a competitive edge. More than one third of Unqorks corporate customers are in the Fortune 500, with a customer roster that includes Goldman Sachs, Marsh, Maimonides Medical Center and the U.S.  Department of Health and Human Services. To learn more, please visit: unqork.com.
At Unqork, we are ignited by inclusive and thoughtful thinkers  who arent afraid to challenge the status quo. We encourage you to apply!
The Impact U will make:
As a key leader in defining Unqorks products, you will have strategic and direct impact on delighting developers, accelerating productivity, and increasing the maintainability of no-code applications. Your team will drive the strategy, vision, and multiyear roadmap for developer productivity, security and governance products.

You will report to our Platform Senior Director of Product Management
Lead with customer-centric product strategy and roadmap for Unqorks Developer Experience
Lead collaboration with engineering, UX, marketing, legal, and other teams on cutting-edge technologies
Drive the prioritized planning, execution and go-to-market strategy of key initiatives
Understand SDLC as well as the LowNo-Code ecosystem, markets, competition, and user requirements in-depth
Help mentor other team members
Commit to your teams Diversity, Equity and Inclusion goals created in our DEI Unqork Application 

What U bring:

7 years of professional experience in SaaS or PaaS
Domain expertise with developer productivity tools, frameworks, and platforms 
A strong product mindset and deep technical knowledge of the software development lifecycle and enterprise software 
A passion for developers and strive to simplify the complexities of building enterprise-grade software
Experience with building new products and taking products to market
Knowledge of how to ship code and abstracting methodologies
Experience leading large cross-functional initiatives

Benefits:
 Work from home with a remote-first community
 Unlimited PTO (and the encouragement to use it)
 Student loan payback program
 100 employer-covered medical, dental, and vision options available to you and your dependents
 Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
 Monthly stipend toward your WFH setup, vacation, development and more
 Employer-sponsored 401(k) with contribution match
 Free Apple Fitness Plus through UHC
 Robust DEI Program that compensates ERSG leaders for their efforts
 16 weeks of Paid Parental Leave for all new parents
A few more things:
At Unqork we value DEI and every Unqorker focuses on a DEI organizational goal that is tied to their performance evaluation. All Unqorkers can actively measure and track the impact of their DEI initiatives through our custom DEI application. 
Unqork is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive hiring process. We strive to provide reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities to enable them to access the hiring process. If you need an accommodation to access the job application or interview process, please contact talentunqork.com. 
The US base salary range, across all Unqork US locations, for this full-time position is 135,800 - 190,000  bonus  equity  perksbenefits. An individual employees salary within the range provided above depends on a wide array of factors including, but not limited to, the working location, role, skillset and level of experience of such employee. Please note that the salary range reflects the base salary only, and does not include bonus, equity or perksbenefits. 
Unqork is an equal opportunity employer, and proud to be committed to diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age.
LI-LN1