Unqork is the leading Codeless as a Service platform that helps leading organizations build, deploy and manage complex software without having to think about code. Unqork created the codeless architecture standard  the future of software development that frees the worlds largest enterprises from the pitfalls of legacy code and allows them to focus on innovation to drive business and maintain a competitive edge. More than one third of Unqorks corporate customers are in the Fortune 500, with a customer roster that includes Goldman Sachs, Marsh, Maimonides Medical Center and the U.S.  Department of Health and Human Services. To learn more, please visit: unqork.com.
At Unqork, we are ignited by inclusive and thoughtful thinkers  who arent afraid to challenge the status quo. We encourage you to apply!
This position ideally looking for candidates who are East Coast based 
The Impact U will make:

Report to our Head of Sales Engineering
Commit to your teams Diversity, Equity and Inclusion goals created in our DEI Unqork Application 
Working closely with prospectscustomers and the Sales team to conduct discovery, deliver demonstrations, and buildpresent proofs of concept
Be a client-facing technical voice: youll provide invaluable insight and develop rapid prototypes to our potential customers
Standardize and improve our platform
Acting as the technical advisor during the sales process with a focus on the vertical you support (i.e. Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare, Public Sector)
Immerse yourself in Unqork platform, maintaining a deep understanding of competitive and complementary technologies and vendors and how to position Unqork
Partnering with internal departments (Marketing, Products, etc.) to help grow the Unqork platform and vision. Examples include beta testing, providing product feedback, and presenting at trade shows

 
What U bring:

6 years of technical pre-sales experience, or a combination with industry experience in Financial Services, Insurance, or Public Sector
Prior experience building POCs, Demoing and C-level comfort (internally and externally) are a must
Ability to communicate technical topics and business value to a broad range of audiences
A curiosity to learn about the low codeno code industry and relevant partner technologies, such as RPA, OCR, CRM, data lakes, etc.
Experience working with clients: designing specifications, prototyping, presenting
Experience architecting scalable web applications
Experience creating integrations with CRMs, complex data sources, etc.
Proficient working knowledge of REST APIs and other web services
You care about serving customers and delivering a great product
You are constantly thinking about how we can improve the platform 

Benefits:
 Work from home with a remote-first community
 Unlimited PTO (and the encouragement to use it)
 Student loan payback program
 100 employer-covered medical, dental, and vision options available to you and your dependents
 Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
 Monthly stipend toward your WFH setup, vacation, development and more
 Employer-sponsored 401(k) with contribution match
 Free Apple Fitness Plus through UHC
 Robust DEI Program that compensates ERSG leaders for their efforts
 16 weeks of Paid Parental Leave for all new parents
A few more things:
At Unqork we value DEI and every Unqorker focuses on a DEI organizational goal that is tied to their performance evaluation. All Unqorkers can actively measure and track the impact of their DEI initiatives through our custom DEI application. 
Unqork is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive hiring process. We strive to provide reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities to enable them to access the hiring process. If you need an accommodation to access the job application or interview process, please contact talentunqork.com. 
The US base salary range, across all Unqork US locations, for this full-time position is 120,000 - 160,000   bonus  equity  perksbenefits. An individual employees salary within the range provided above depends on a wide array of factors including, but not limited to, the working location, role, skillset and level of experience of such employee. Please note that the salary range reflects the base salary only, and does not include bonus, equity or perksbenefits. 
Unqork is an equal opportunity employer, and proud to be committed to diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age.
LI-LN1