Unqork is the leading Codeless as a Service platform that helps leading organizations build, deploy and manage complex software without having to think about code. Unqork created the codeless architecture standard  the future of software development that frees the worlds largest enterprises from the pitfalls of legacy code and allows them to focus on innovation to drive business and maintain a competitive edge. More than one third of Unqorks corporate customers are in the Fortune 500, with a customer roster that includes Goldman Sachs, Marsh, Maimonides Medical Center and the U.S.  Department of Health and Human Services. To learn more, please visit: unqork.com.
At Unqork, we are ignited by inclusive and thoughtful thinkers  who arent afraid to challenge the status quo. We encourage you to apply!
This position requires qualified candidates to be local to Washington, DC or near by to meet with clients a few times throughout the week
The Impact U will make:

Report to our Senior Director of Customer Experience
Commit to your teams Diversity, Equity and Inclusion goals created in our DEI Unqork Application 
You will oversee one key client to begin with and are expected to expand the account which has tremendous upside
 You will be a partner for both clients and our teams in the delivery of Unqorks platform and services
You will guide customers through technical and business issues to promote greater adoption, value, and usage of Unqork
Be a long-term relationship manager; you will provide continuity from sale to production and beyond
Ensure client needs are met at the highest level of quality regardless of delivery model and resources assigned
Support ongoing account management, maintain and follow customer journeys and help deliver QBRs
Govern delivery, ensure adherence to all best practices, compliance to agreed-upon roles responsibilities
Support expanding use of Unqork: you will help shape new use cases, architect strong foundations, and use good configuration practices
Educate clients on Unqork Marketplace partners and how to work with platform-adjacent services
Advocate for client needs including feature requests, production support resolution
Analyze client production support tickets and shares strategic findings with clients
Establish health and success metrics to monitor portfolio and application usage to identify anomalies
Partner with Unqork Platform and Solutions teams on productization, templates, and features
Communicate platform updates and work with clients to build a test regimen; release management
Partner with CISO, Solutions, and Platform operations to build appropriate audit patterns and automated checks. 

 
What U bring:

8 years of experience in technical delivery, customer success, SaaS organizations - especially growing organizations with minimal structure
Deep FederalPublic Sector industry knowledge (SME) and how to navigate the complexities of the industry
Consulting experience, could be current or recent past
Specific experience in client relationship management, technical delivery, product management, establishing metrics, and managing a portfolio of key customers
Must have technical knowledge and a desire to learn the Unqork platform
Combination of both service orientation and solution-minded approach

 
Benefits:
 Work from home with a remote-first community
 Unlimited PTO (and the encouragement to use it)
 Student loan payback program
 100 employer-covered medical, dental, and vision options available to you and your dependents
 Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
 Monthly stipend toward your WFH setup, vacation, development and more
 Employer-sponsored 401(k) with contribution match
 Free Apple Fitness Plus through UHC
 Robust DEI Program that compensates ERSG leaders for their efforts
 16 weeks of Paid Parental Leave for all new parents
A few more things:
At Unqork we value DEI and every Unqorker focuses on a DEI organizational goal that is tied to their performance evaluation. All Unqorkers can actively measure and track the impact of their DEI initiatives through our custom DEI application. 
Unqork is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive hiring process. We strive to provide reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities to enable them to access the hiring process. If you need an accommodation to access the job application or interview process, please contact talentunqork.com. 
The US base salary range, across all Unqork US locations, for this full-time position is 130,000 - 220,000   bonus  equity  perksbenefits. An individual employees salary within the range provided above depends on a wide array of factors including, but not limited to, the working location, role, skillset and level of experience of such employee. Please note that the salary range reflects the base salary only, and does not include bonus, equity or perksbenefits. 
Unqork is an equal opportunity employer, and proud to be committed to diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age.
LI-LN1