Unqork is the leading Codeless as a Service platform that helps leading organizations build, deploy and manage complex software without having to think about code. Unqork created the codeless architecture standard  the future of software development that frees the worlds largest enterprises from the pitfalls of legacy code and allows them to focus on innovation to drive business and maintain a competitive edge. More than one third of Unqorks corporate customers are in the Fortune 500, with a customer roster that includes Goldman Sachs, Marsh, Maimonides Medical Center and the U.S.  Department of Health and Human Services. To learn more, please visit: unqork.com.
At Unqork, we are ignited by inclusive and thoughtful thinkers  who arent afraid to challenge the status quo. We encourage you to apply!
The Impact U will make:

Report to our Lead Sales Enablement Specialist 
The main responsibility of the Proposal Associate role is to lead the proposal development process
You will be looked at as a trusted partner and driver with different stakeholders in the collective effort to ensure RFP responses are thorough, accurate and submitted in a timely fashion
Manage the full-cycle RFP process through cross-functional collaboration to ensure proactive and timely information is shared and there is continuous alignment across functions and stakeholders
Maintain and update Responsive (formerly RFP.io) database with cross-functional stakeholders from various departments that will foster and improve collaboration and operationalize existing workflows
Own the review and delivery process of RFPs by performing rigorous quality assurance checks on draft and final documents for submission, ensuring high-quality content and appearance of proposal deliverables

What U bring:

Delivery of compliant, professionally produced proposals within customer defined timeframes
Coordinate and review  edit proposal input from a variety of stakeholders, typically involving contributions from sales, product teams, finance, legal and delivery
Responsive (formerly RFP.io) proposal automation software (or similar) experience preferred
Able to effectively prioritize among multiple, competing, high priority responses
Strong time management  prioritization skills
Team player, able to work both collaboratively and independently
Excellent editing, verbal, and written communications skills, including presentation expertise

Benefits:
 Work from home with a remote-first community
 Unlimited PTO (and the encouragement to use it)
 Student loan payback program
 100 employer-covered medical, dental, and vision options available to you and your dependents
 Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
 Monthly stipend toward your WFH setup, vacation, development and more
 Employer-sponsored 401(k) with contribution match
 Free Apple Fitness Plus through UHC 
 Robust DEI Program that compensates ERSG leaders for their efforts
 16 weeks of Paid Parental Leave for all new parents
A few more things:
At Unqork we value DEI and every Unqorker focuses on a DEI organizational goal that is tied to their performance evaluation. All Unqorkers can actively measure and track the impact of their DEI initiatives through our custom DEI application. 
Unqork is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive hiring process. We strive to provide reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities to enable them to access the hiring process. If you need an accommodation to access the job application or interview process, please contact talentunqork.com. 
The US base salary range, across all Unqork US locations, for this full-time position is 50,000 - 75,000   bonus  equity  perksbenefits. An individual employees salary within the range provided above depends on a wide array of factors including, but not limited to, the working location, role, skillset and level of experience of such employee. Please note that the salary range reflects the base salary only, and does not include bonus, equity or perksbenefits. 
Unqork is an equal opportunity employer, and proud to be committed to diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age.
LI-LN1