Unqork is the leading Codeless as a Service platform that helps leading organizations build, deploy and manage complex software without having to think about code. Unqork created the codeless architecture standard  the future of software development that frees the worlds largest enterprises from the pitfalls of legacy code and allows them to focus on innovation to drive business and maintain a competitive edge. More than one third of Unqorks corporate customers are in the Fortune 500, with a customer roster that includes Goldman Sachs, Marsh, Maimonides Medical Center and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. To learn more, please visit: unqork.com. 
At Unqork, we are ignited by inclusive and thoughtful thinkers  who arent afraid to challenge the status quo. We encourage you to apply!
Location: Open to East Coast candidates
The Impact you will make:
This is a key role within the Customer organization and the company. The Head of Customer Success is responsible for the global Customer Success organization, working with all of Unqorks customers. Unqork is well represented in the top segment and mid-segment of the market, with many of the worlds largest banks, financial institutions, insurance companies, government institutions and agencies and healthcare companies. These well known logos turn to Unqork to accelerate their digital transformation efforts by developing Enterprise applications faster, through the power of our Enterprise codeless platform. The result is 3X faster development cycles, exponentially lower bug rates and significantly lower total cost of ownership than when Enterprise applications are built with code or low code. This enables companies and institutions to be more competitive and more agile. 
The Head of Customer Success is responsible for developing a Customer Success strategy that includes implementing scalable, repeatable Customer Success motions to enable continued growth. The key responsibility of this role is creating a best-in-class customer-focused organization that wins the hearts and minds of our clients and allows us to grow together.  Specific areas of focus for this role are (1) ensuring that the customer materializes the value of their investment (2) increase stickiness of their investment by providing more value than theyre paying for (3) driving customer adoption, expansion, and retention by realizing customer outcomes (4) identifying new use cases within customers and (5) increasing renewal rates, ultimately resulting in elevated gross and net retention rates. 
Responsibilities:

Build, manage and lead the global Customer Success team - delivering an excellent customer experience that ensures customers materialize and understand the value of the Unqork platform 
Implement high touch, scale and tech touch Customer Success strategy  motions, while using data driven coverage models
As a senior leader, you will define clear hand offs and collaboration between Sales, Partner Organizations, and other teams. Design and implement playbooks and subsequently iterate on our Customer Success motions. 
Engage with C-level and other decision makers from customers. Builds professional relationships with executives from our Channel Partners (System Integrators, MSPs, Tech Partners)
Develop and implement both the long-term global Customer Success strategy and the annual plans
Drive Customer Success execution to overachieve on quarterly and annual objectives. Effectively deal with customer escalations, in conjunction with other teams
Support the companys customer centric thinking and build out our customer feedback loop. Continuously measure customer sentiment and come with recommendations for platform development and how we support customers throughout the customer lifecycle
Drive operational discipline, focus on continuous improvement of processes and w

What You bring:

10 years of experience in leading and scaling customer-facing organizations in a technical environment, including at least 5 years in a senior leadership capacity 
Experience managing a Customer Success function for a portfolio of advanced SaaS products serving enterprise customers, with exposure to a variety of customer needs
Leadership capabilities  Demonstrated strategic, impactful, and charismatic leadership. Proven track record of hiring and managing a diverse and multi-faceted team. Create processes that govern, guide, teach, inspire and advise team members as well as peers
Influence Stakeholders - Ability to engage senior executives at customers and partners
Analytical - Experience interpreting data analytics to derive insight and drive customer value
Strong cross-functional collaboration  including functions like Sales, Product, Marketing and Sales Engineering
Well rounded - combination of customer orientation, process thinking, technical savviness and commercial Instinct

 
Benefits:
 Work from home with a remote-first community
 Unlimited PTO (and the encouragement to use it)
 Student loan payback program
 100 employer-covered medical, dental, and vision options available to you and your dependents
 Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
 Monthly stipend toward your WFH setup, vacation, development and more
 Employer-sponsored 401(k) with contribution match
 Robust DEI Program that compensates ERSG leaders for their efforts
 Free Apple Fitness Plus through UHC
 16 weeks of Paid Parental Leave for all new parents
A few more things:
At Unqork we value DEI and every Unqorker focuses on a DEI organizational goal that is tied to their performance evaluation. All Unqorkers can actively measure and track the impact of their DEI initiatives through our custom DEI application. 
Unqork is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive hiring process. We strive to provide reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities to enable them to access the hiring process. If you need an accommodation to access the job application or interview process, please contact talentunqork.com. 
The US base salary range, across all Unqork US locations, for this full-time position is 212,800 - 300,000   bonus  equity  perksbenefits. An individual employees salary within the range provided above depends on a wide array of factors including, but not limited to, the working location, role, skillset and level of experience of such employee. Please note that the salary range reflects the base salary only, and does not include bonus, equity or perksbenefits. 
Unqork is an equal opportunity employer, and proud to be committed to diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age.
LI-TB1