Unqork is the leading Codeless as a Service platform that helps leading organizations build, deploy and manage complex software without having to think about code. Unqork created the codeless architecture standard  the future of software development that frees the worlds largest enterprises from the pitfalls of legacy code and allows them to focus on innovation to drive business and maintain a competitive edge. More than one third of Unqorks corporate customers are in the Fortune 500, with a customer roster that includes Goldman Sachs, Marsh, Maimonides Medical Center and the U.S.  Department of Health and Human Services. To learn more, please visit: unqork.com.
At Unqork, we are ignited by inclusive and thoughtful thinkers who arent afraid to challenge the status quo. We encourage you to apply!
The Impact U will make:

Report to our Engineering Manager of the Cloud Infrastructure team
Commit to your teams Diversity, Equity and Inclusion goals created in our DEI Unqork Application
Automate the multi-cloud infrastructure lifecycle and keep our services running
Be a key driver of improvements that impact the high availability, resiliency, scalability, security and cost optimization of our mature infrastructure in AWS, Azure, and GCP
Scale existing systems sustainably through automation; evolve systems by pushing code changes that improve reliability and SDLC velocity
Build tools to deploy and monitor our available, essential cloud infrastructure, defining infrastructure as code via Ansible and Terraform
Provide technical leadership through mentorship, communicating technical information to management, and knowledge-sharing best practices
Promote best practices, for security, automation, scalability, and high availability
Develop software release and deployment processesinfrastructure (CICD)
Work with engineering teams across Unqork to understand the different services and needs to help achieve the best results in delivering them
Participate as a partner in planning the product roadmap, sprint planning, and stand-ups
Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems
Participate in on-call responsibilities

Tools  Technologies we use:

AWS, Azure, and GCP
Kubernetes (800 clusters)
Docker
Mongo Cloud
Consul
Vault
Rancher
Helm
Ansible
Terraform
Github Actions (CI)

What U bring:

You must be a U.S. citizen or Green Card holder to apply for this position
5 years of experience in designing, building, and maintaining cloud infrastructure at a large-scale (multiple clusters)
Experience with networking and modern web services architectures
Experience with best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service
Background in LinuxUnix administration
Experience designing, building, and maintaining services within AWS, Azure or GCP
Experience operating a production kubernetes environment
Experience deploying kubernetes applications  kubernetes operations
Experience with container orchestration platforms such as Kubernetes or Nomad in production
Experience with Spinnaker, ArgoCD, Codefresh, Octopus Deploy, Flux, etc (any CD tool)
Experience in security auditing and best practices
Experience building and maintaining infrastructure through software (Ansible and Terraform)
Strong communication skills
Familiarity with Agile processes

Benefits:
 Work from home with a remote-first community
 Unlimited PTO (and the encouragement to use it)
 Student loan payback program
 100 employer-covered medical, dental, and vision options available to you and your dependents
 Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
 Monthly stipend toward your WFH setup, vacation, development and more
 Employer-sponsored 401(k) with contribution match
 Robust DEI Program that compensates ERSG leaders for their efforts
 Free Apple Fitness Plus through UHC
 16 weeks of Paid Parental Leave for all new parents
A few more things:
At Unqork we value DEI and every Unqorker focuses on a DEI organizational goal that is tied to their performance evaluation. All Unqorkers can actively measure and track the impact of their DEI initiatives through our custom DEI application.
Unqork is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive hiring process. We strive to provide reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities to enable them to access the hiring process. If you need an accommodation to access the job application or interview process, please contact talentunqork.com.
The US base salary range, across all Unqork US locations, for this full-time position is 112,300 - 200,000  bonus  equity  perksbenefits. An individual employees salary within the range provided above depends on a wide array of factors including, but not limited to, the working location, role, skillset and level of experience of such employee. Please note that the salary range reflects the base salary only, and does not include bonus, equity or perksbenefits.
Unqork is an equal opportunity employer, and proud to be committed to diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age.
LI-AR1