Who we are:
The Vera Institute of Justice, founded in 1961, is a nonprofit criminal justice organization that strives to build just government institutions and safe communities free from the scourge of racism, white supremacy, profit, and inequity that is pervasive in this countrys legal systems. We are an inside lane organization that drives change at scale with ambitious public sector leaders who share our commitment to building anti-racist, reparative systems that deliver justice. We leverage our access to government to transform these systems and work collaboratively with stakeholders across many movements—including advocacy, grassroots, and grasstop organizations. Our role is to pilot solutions that are transformative and achievable, harness the power of evidence to drive effective policy and practice, and use advocacy and communications to change narratives and norms.
Vera has a staff of 300 people and offices in New York City, Washington, DC, Los Angeles, and New Orleans. We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity in the workplace. We expect our staff to embody respect, independence, collaboration, commitment, anti-racism, and equity—both in our outward-facing work and the internal culture of our workplace. We value a range of experiences in peoples educational backgrounds and encourage people who have been directly impacted by the criminal justice system to apply.Who you are:
The Program Analyst will contribute to a range of projects focused on promoting equitable approaches to community safety that reduce reliance on policing, such as civilian crisis response and community violence intervention strategies. This individual will support other initiative staff with technical assistance and advocacy efforts in various ways, from logistical and administrative tasks to desk research and the initial drafting of written products. They are passionate about racial justice and the development of public safety ecosystems that meet peoples needs. 
What youll do:
Administrative support 

Assist in planning, preparing for, and taking notes at meetings, conference calls, webinars and conferences.  
Process and track invoices, expenses, and other administrative items as needed. 
Collaborate on behalf of the Refining Public Safety initiative with operations departments across the Institute. 
Maintain program files and databases, including directories, articles, archives of planning documents, and related items. 

Technical assistance 

Support other staff with engagement of practitioners, advocates, elected officials, and other stakeholders interested in restructuring public safety systems. 
Work with colleagues to develop strategies and resources responsive to partners needs. 
Assistance with outreach, the facilitation of meetings, presentations, site visits, and providing subject matter expertise to external partnerssites. 

Assistance with other program activities 

Organize, manage, and analyze information about policies and programs related to the goals of the Redefining Public Safety initiative. 
Contribute to the development of reports, policy memoranda, and other documents. 
Track and share developments in the field to inform Redefining Public Safetys technical assistance and advocacy.

Other duties as assigned 

Provide team-wide support as needed. 
Perform other duties as needed to support Redefining Public Safety goals and operations. 

What qualifications are we looking for?
Required:
Bachelors degree  0-3 years of relevant experience.  In lieu of a Bachelors degree, applicable work or life experience may be considered.
Preferred:
Lived experience with the criminal legal system is a plus.
Knowledge, Skills,  Abilities youll bring: 

Proficient with Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Word 
Strong analytical, communication, and problem-solving skills 
Demonstrated understanding of and commitment to race, equity, and inclusion 
High attention to detail while maintaining big-picture perspective 
Ability to work independently and manage work on multiple projects effectively and efficiently. 

 
Location:
Please note this role will report to our Brooklyn, NY office. Vera employees adhere to a hybrid schedule and are in-office on an alternating schedule that generally amounts to 10 days per month.
Compensation and Benefits:
The compensation range for this position is 62,000 - 67,000. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience and performance. The salary range listed is just one component of Vera Institutes total compensation package for employees. As an employer of choice in our field, supporting Vera staff—both personally and professionally—is a priority. To do this, we invest in the well-being of our staff through other rewards including merit pay, generous paid time off, a comprehensive health insurance plan, student loan repayment benefits, professional development training opportunities and up to 2,000 annual for education costs and fees relevant to Vera work, employer-funded retirement plan, and flexible time.  To learn more about Veras benefits offerings, click here.
Applications may also be faxed to:
ATTN: People Resources  Program Analyst, Redefining Public Safety Vera Institute of Justice34 35th St, Suite 4-2A, Brooklyn, NY 11232Fax: (212) 941-9407Please use only one method (online, mail or fax) of submission.No phone calls, please. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
In order to ensure a healthy and safe work environment, Vera Institute of Justice is requiring all employees to be fully vaccinated and provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccine before their start date. Employees who cannot receive the vaccine because of a disabilitymedical contraindication or sincerely-held religious belief may request an accommodation (e.g., an exemption) to this requirement.
Vera is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, prior record of arrest or conviction, citizenship status, current employment status, or caregiver status. 
Vera works to advance justice, particularly racial justice, in an increasingly multicultural country and globally connected world. We value diverse experiences, including with regard to educational background and justice system contact, and depend on a diverse staff to carry out our mission. 
For more information about Vera, please visit www.vera.org