Who we are:
The Vera Institute of Justice, founded in 1961, is a nonprofit criminal justice organization that strives to build just government institutions and safe communities free from the scourge of racism, white supremacy, profit, and inequity that is pervasive in this countrys legal systems. We are an inside lane organization that drives change at scale with ambitious public sector leaders who share our commitment to building anti-racist, reparative systems that deliver justice. We leverage our access to government to transform these systems and work collaboratively with stakeholders across many movements—including advocacy, grassroots, and grasstop organizations. Our role is to pilot solutions that are transformative and achievable, harness the power of evidence to drive effective policy and practice, and use advocacy and communications to change narratives and norms.
Vera has a staff of 300 people and offices in New York City, Washington, DC, Los Angeles, and New Orleans. We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity in the workplace. We expect our staff to embody respect, independence, collaboration, commitment, anti-racism, and equity—both in our outward-facing work and the internal culture of our workplace. We value a range of experiences in peoples educational backgrounds and encourage people who have been directly impacted by the criminal justice system to apply.Who you are:
Veras Development Department is tasked with helping the organization secure the funding it needs to meet its expenses. Though we sometimes assist with government grants and contracts, we are primarily focused on raising funds from philanthropic, non-governmental sources—individuals, foundations, and corporations. Two key fundraising goals for Vera are to raise more dollars that arent restricted by donors to specific projects and to raise a greater proportion of our revenue from philanthropic sources. Staff in our department work toward those goals through specialized fundraising events, foundation relations and grantwriting, individual donor fundraising, online fundraising, donor and prospect research, and development operations.
The Development Coordinator plays a crucial role in the fundraising and development activities of Vera. Working closely with the Associate Director, Development Operations, the Coordinator will provide critical operational support to a growing fundraising team - ensuring the teams operations are efficient, effective, and innovating as the team expands. The Development Coordinator ensures the smooth functioning of the development department by providing administrative support, optimizing data management resources, and streamlining fundraising operations.  
What youll do:
Optimize Data Management Resources

Organize and maintain data hygiene systems, supporting best practices in gift processing, information uploading to CRM, and reporting across the development team  
Support the Associate Director in the creation and dissemination of lists and reports, ensuring accurate audience segmentation for targeted messaging 
Partner with Executive Assistant to accurately track organizational leaderships communications and engagement with donors 
Prepare mailing lists, and invitation lists in support of donor engagement cycle 
Support the work of the Associate Director to optimize CRM usage and train development colleagues in best practices of data hygiene  
Serve as a member of the EveryAction Super Users Group 

Communications

Execute donor acknowledgment process in a consistent and timely manner, including maintaining and updating acknowledgment content and supporting gift officers in personalization of these communications 
Support the execution of Veras annual appeal, coordinating with all stakeholders to meet deadlines, ensure the effective execution of the appeal, and tracking on progress to date 

Cross-Team Collaboration 

Support the scheduling and facilitation of collaborative meeting spaces across the development team and with stakeholders across the organization, including the creation of agendas, the facilitation of discussion, and the dissemination of notes and action items to relevant stakeholders 
Partner with Donor Engagement Manager to execute donor communications calendar, design content, and disseminate mass communications across portfolio 
Support frontline fundraisers in organizing and maintaining donor records and files 
Assist in processing departmental invoices, ensuring timely and accurate payments to vendors and service providers

Project Planning

Support the implementation of development team engagement with Asana project management platform and utilize tools functionality in support of full scope of development teams work 
Coordinate the creation, dissemination, and maintenance of development department process handbook

Other Duties as Assigned 

Support the Associate Director with operations-related projects as they arise 
Support the VP of Development on general support to the development team as needed 

What qualifications are we looking for?
Required:

Bachelors degree  1  3 years of experience. In lieu of degree requirement, applicable life or work experience may be considered.  

Preferred:

Familiarity with development CRM systems 
Familiarity with project management cycle and software 
Ability to synthesize complex information into actionable operations strategies 
Ability to project plan across teams in which no direct line of reporting exists 
Ability to take initiative and drive projects to fruition 
A motivated team player with exceptional communication skills and interpersonal savvy 
Technologically savvy and ability to expeditiously learn, master, and support engagement with development software systems 

Location:
Please note this role will report to our Brooklyn, New York office. Vera employees adhere to a hybrid schedule and are in-office on an alternating schedule that generally amounts to 10 days per month.
Compensation and Benefits:
The compensation range for this position is 53,000 - 55,000. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience and performance. The salary range listed is just one component of Vera Institutes total compensation package for employees. As an employer of choice in our field, supporting Vera staff—both personally and professionally—is a priority. To do this, we invest in the well-being of our staff through other rewards including merit pay, generous paid time off, a comprehensive health insurance plan, student loan repayment benefits, professional development training opportunities and up to 2,000 annual for education costs and fees relevant to Vera work, employer-funded retirement plan, and flexible time.  To learn more about Veras benefits offerings, click here.
Applications may also be faxed to:
ATTN: People Resources  Coordinator, DevelopmentVera Institute of Justice34 35th St, Suite 4-2A, Brooklyn, NY 11232Fax: (212) 941-9407Please use only one method (online, mail or fax) of submission.No phone calls, please. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
In order to ensure a healthy and safe work environment, Vera Institute of Justice is requiring all employees to be fully vaccinated and provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccine before their start date. Employees who cannot receive the vaccine because of a disabilitymedical contraindication or sincerely-held religious belief may request an accommodation (e.g., an exemption) to this requirement.
Vera is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, prior record of arrest or conviction, citizenship status, current employment status, or caregiver status. 
Vera works to advance justice, particularly racial justice, in an increasingly multicultural country and globally connected world. We value diverse experiences, including with regard to educational background and justice system contact, and depend on a diverse staff to carry out our mission. 
For more information about Vera, please visit www.vera.org