Who we are:
The Vera Institute of Justice, founded in 1961, is a nonprofit criminal justice organization that strives to build just government institutions and safe communities free from the scourge of racism, white supremacy, profit, and inequity that is pervasive in this countrys legal systems. We are an inside lane organization that drives change at scale with ambitious public sector leaders who share our commitment to building anti-racist, reparative systems that deliver justice. We leverage our access to government to transform these systems and work collaboratively with stakeholders across many movements—including advocacy, grassroots, and grasstop organizations. Our role is to pilot solutions that are transformative and achievable, harness the power of evidence to drive effective policy and practice, and use advocacy and communications to change narratives and norms.
Vera has a staff of 300 people and offices in New York City, Washington, DC, Los Angeles, and New Orleans. We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity in the workplace. We expect our staff to embody respect, independence, collaboration, commitment, anti-racism, and equity—both in our outward-facing work and the internal culture of our workplace. We value a range of experiences in peoples educational backgrounds and encourage people who have been directly impacted by the criminal justice system to apply.Who you are:
The Research Analyst for the Advancing Universal Representation (UREP) Initiative works in a supporting research role to build and share evidence in support of the Initiatives goal to establish a federal right to legal representation for all immigrants facing deportation. The Research Analyst collects, manages, and analyzes quantitative and qualitative data, writes, or supports the writing of reports and other research materials, conducts literature reviews, presents findings from research projects, fields rapid response research requests, supports the generation and design of new research, reviews documents, and collects information in support of advocacy.
In this role, the Research Analyst works with support and mentorship from the Principal Research Associate, the Senior Data Scientist, and Associate Director of Research for the UREP Initiative and will also develop and strengthen their own skills and work independently. The research analyst will contribute to and support discrete tasks but will also have task ownership and some task management. The Analyst may work on quantitative and qualitative research projects, and perform tasks beyond research-specific tasks, including some administrative work. This position will report to the Associate Director of Research for the UREP Initiative.
The Research Analyst also collaborates with team members to advance Initiative goals by actively engaging in team meetings and program activities. The Research Analyst is also expected to support efforts to ensure Veras race equity and inclusion priorities are a core aspect of Veras mission, both internally in how team members work together, and in research, including in methodological approaches, publications, hiring and staffing, and external and internal research communications.
What youll do:
Data collection, management, and analysis

Clean and manage data (quantitative or qualitative).
Develop and maintain code, codebooks, instruments, or other research materials.
Support data collection under the supervision of senior research staff.
Support quantitative and qualitative analysis of data andor write up of methods and results.

Write uppresentation of research

Conduct background research and compile materials, including literature reviews.
Prepare and format reports and other products.
Prepare qualitative or quantitative data, statistics, background research, or infographics for reports and other products.  

Rapid response

Field rapid response data requests from team members and external partners, including quickly producing programmatic and immigration court statistics, identifying and sharing existing research to provide evidence in support of advocacy materials, and more.  

Support special projects and other assignments

Carry out special projects in support of a program or initiatives research agenda under the supervision of senior research staff.
Support other lines of work within the initiative (i.e., advocacy, programs, and blueprint design) on a variety of assignments, as needed.
Contribute to research project development and design.
Participate in cross-cutting initiative events and lobbying activities, as needed.  

Administrative tasks

Manage and respond to emails from external partners who work with Vera.
Schedule and facilitate meetings.
Data entry tasks, including creating, updating, and maintaining spreadsheets and databases.  

What qualifications are we looking for?

Bachelors degree or equivalent, in addition to 1 years of work experience  
Demonstrated interest in research 
Commitment to race, equity, and inclusion

Preferred:

Relevant lived experience
Research experience in the field
Experience using research methods in academic or applied settings

Knowledge, Skills,  Abilities youll bring: 

Experience in quantitative research (e.g. completing a research project using quantitative methods).
Ability to synthesize complex literature and share findings from existing research.
Skilled in writing findings from research in a manner that is easily understood by the general public.
Careful attention to detail.
Experience using a data analysis program like R, Stata, SPSS, or SQL. R (strongly) or Stata experience preferred.
Spanish language proficiency a plus.  

Technical knowledge we need you prepared to use:

Experience with a data analysis program, like R, Stata, SPSS, or SQL. R (strongly) or Stata experience preferred.
Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite.
Familiarity with GitHub a plus
Some experience with Python a plus  

Location:
Please note this role will report to our Brooklyn, NY or Washington, DC office. Vera employees adhere to a hybrid schedule and are in-office on an alternating schedule that generally amounts to 10 days per month.
Compensation and Benefits:
The compensation range for this position is 62,000 - 67,000 . Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience and performance. The salary range listed is just one component of Vera Institutes total compensation package for employees. As an employer of choice in our field, supporting Vera staff—both personally and professionally—is a priority. To do this, we invest in the well-being of our staff through other rewards including merit pay, generous paid time off, a comprehensive health insurance plan, student loan repayment benefits, professional development training opportunities and up to 2,000 annual for education costs and fees relevant to Vera work, employer-funded retirement plan, and flexible time.  To learn more about Veras benefits offerings, click here.
Applications may also be faxed to:
ATTN: People Resources  Research Analyst, Advancing Universal RepresentationVera Institute of Justice34 35th St, Suite 4-2A, Brooklyn, NY 11232Fax: (212) 941-9407Please use only one method (online, mail or fax) of submission.No phone calls, please. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
In order to ensure a healthy and safe work environment, Vera Institute of Justice is requiring all employees to be fully vaccinated and provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccine before their start date. Employees who cannot receive the vaccine because of a disabilitymedical contraindication or sincerely-held religious belief may request an accommodation (e.g., an exemption) to this requirement.
Vera is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, prior record of arrest or conviction, citizenship status, current employment status, or caregiver status. 
Vera works to advance justice, particularly racial justice, in an increasingly multicultural country and globally connected world. We value diverse experiences, including with regard to educational background and justice system contact, and depend on a diverse staff to carry out our mission. 
For more information about Vera, please visit www.vera.org