Who we are:
The Vera Institute of Justice, founded in 1961, is a nonprofit criminal justice organization that strives to build just government institutions and safe communities free from the scourge of racism, white supremacy, profit, and inequity that is pervasive in this countrys legal systems. We are an inside lane organization that drives change at scale with ambitious public sector leaders who share our commitment to building anti-racist, reparative systems that deliver justice. We leverage our access to government to transform these systems and work collaboratively with stakeholders across many movements—including advocacy, grassroots, and grasstop organizations. Our role is to pilot solutions that are transformative and achievable, harness the power of evidence to drive effective policy and practice, and use advocacy and communications to change narratives and norms.
Vera has a staff of 300 people and offices in New York City, Washington, DC, Los Angeles, and New Orleans. We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity in the workplace. We expect our staff to embody respect, independence, collaboration, commitment, anti-racism, and equity—both in our outward-facing work and the internal culture of our workplace. We value a range of experiences in peoples educational backgrounds and encourage people who have been directly impacted by the criminal justice system to apply.About Vera Action:
Vera Action, launched in 2021, is an independent but aligned 501(c)(4) organization to the Vera Institute of Justice 501(c)(3). At Vera Action, we harness the power of advocacy, lobbying, and political strategy to end mass incarceration, protect immigrants rights, restore dignity to people behind bars, and build safe and thriving communities. Alongside organizers and advocates, government leaders, and elected officials across the political aisle, we work to enact transformative policy change for safety and justice at the local, state, and federal levels. Until now, Vera Actions activities have been conducted by Vera staff lending their time to the 501(c)(4).Who you are:
Reporting to the Director of Digital Engagement, the Senior Digital Content Strategist will be responsible for the strategic development, launch, overall workflow, development, execution, and management of website and social media content for Vera Action, the newly launched C4 sister organization of Vera Institute of Justice.  
The Senior Digital Content Strategist will be a highly creative person, self-starter and trusted strategic partner, who can produce and execute an in-depth content calendar. A leader in their own right, they will be responsible for conceptualizing digital and social media campaigns for Vera Action, overseeing the development of digital content, and building and implementing social media campaigns, and content entry needs, in order to help shape a national conversation about safety and justice. They will develop targeted strategies and tactics to build and engage Vera Actions audiences and bolster its brand. 
What youll do:
Social Media Campaigns  Strategy 

Develop expansive social media campaigns and managing Vera Actions newly launched social media accounts, such as Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter to support Veras communications and advocacy goals
Plan and manage a full content calendar for social media around days and months of significance, communications campaigns, etc. 
Monitor social media to source relevant content, articles, news for Vera Actions social media channels, and for reputation management and risk mitigation
Use social listening tools to evaluate Vera Actions reputation and sentiment around key issue areas
Closely monitor news cycle and show initiative in identifying and crafting content around rapid response moments, which foster awareness for the C4 and engage priority audiences, including advocates, electeds, and activists 
Leverage paid media during tentpole advocacy periods for Vera Action at both the state and local level
Ability to provide after-hours support, as needed

Programmatic Digital Strategy  Content 

Meet regularly and liaise with Vera Action communications manager, initiative and program team stakeholders, developing digital strategy to help meet their programmatic objectives for Vera Action
Develop rapid response content around breaking news events, which map to federal policy, state and local advocacy initiatives, as well as the national conversation around justice and safety, in collaboration with media and programmatic teams

Digital Channel Tactics  Implementation 

Devise and track digital brand Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to define growth and success metrics for newly launched Vera Action, including audience development and engagement 
Use digital analytics tools to report on the performance of Veras digital channels on a range of key metrics

Website Content Entry  Administrative Support 

Act as point of contact for the Vera Action website, and oversee all aspects of the site including homepage, landing page and special section content development 
Work closely with front end developers, data visualization, and development operations experts as needed to ensure effective user experience, and discoverability on search tools 
Other duties as assigned 

What qualifications are we looking for?

Bachelors degree  6-9 years of relevant experience. In lieu degree requirement, applicable work or life experience may be considered. 
Experience with content management systems required, including Craft and WordPress
A deep knowledge of and passion for social media. You know what people are talking about, where theyre talking about it, and how Vera can add our voice to the conversation.
Demonstrated experience creating digital content from conception to implementation. You are detail-oriented but can see the big picture.  
You have developed best-in-class reporting across a range of channels 
You can connect the dots between policy issues and community impact. You have experience breaking down complex issues for wide-ranging audiences and creating new, out of the box opportunities for engagement and action. 
You have keen time management and multitasking skills, including the ability to take initiative, prioritize tasks and duties, pay close attention to detail, and work independently while meeting specific deadlines
Exceptional digital communications skills. You have the ability to distill complex topics into accessible, concise, persuasive, and elegant copy. 
Experience using performance focused tools like Google Analytics and Hootsuite, as well as native reporting tools
At least 4 years of relevant experience in digital and social media
At least 3 years of experience working in a nonprofit, political, or advocacy setting

Preferred: 

Experience using HTML and JavaScript  
Experience using email service provider and customer service relationship tools, such as EveryAction

Technical knowledge we need you prepared to use:

Microsoft Office Suite 
Content Management Systems 
Hootsuite or similar social media management tool 
Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram professional tools 

Location:
Please note this role will report to our Brooklyn, NY office. Vera employees adhere to a hybrid schedule and are in-office on an alternating schedule that generally amounts to 10 days per month.
Compensation and Benefits:
The compensation range for this position is 96,500 - 101,500. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience and performance. The salary range listed is just one component of Vera Institutes total compensation package for employees. As an employer of choice in our field, supporting Vera staff—both personally and professionally—is a priority. To do this, we invest in the well-being of our staff through other rewards including merit pay, generous paid time off, a comprehensive health insurance plan, student loan repayment benefits, professional development training opportunities and up to 2,000 annual for education costs and fees relevant to Vera work, employer-funded retirement plan, and flexible time.  To learn more about Veras benefits offerings, click here.
Applications may also be faxed to:
ATTN: People Resources  Senior Digital Content Strategist, Vera ActionVera Institute of Justice34 35th St, Suite 4-2A, Brooklyn, NY 11232Fax: (212) 941-9407Please use only one method (online, mail or fax) of submission.No phone calls, please. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
In order to ensure a healthy and safe work environment, Vera Institute of Justice is requiring all employees to be fully vaccinated and provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccine before their start date. Employees who cannot receive the vaccine because of a disabilitymedical contraindication or sincerely-held religious belief may request an accommodation (e.g., an exemption) to this requirement.
Vera is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, prior record of arrest or conviction, citizenship status, current employment status, or caregiver status. 
Vera works to advance justice, particularly racial justice, in an increasingly multicultural country and globally connected world. We value diverse experiences, including with regard to educational background and justice system contact, and depend on a diverse staff to carry out our mission. 
For more information about Vera, please visit www.vera.org