Who we are:
The Vera Institute of Justice, founded in 1961, is a nonprofit criminal justice organization that strives to build just government institutions and safe communities free from the scourge of racism, white supremacy, profit, and inequity that is pervasive in this countrys legal systems. We are an inside lane organization that drives change at scale with ambitious public sector leaders who share our commitment to building anti-racist, reparative systems that deliver justice. We leverage our access to government to transform these systems and work collaboratively with stakeholders across many movements—including advocacy, grassroots, and grasstop organizations. Our role is to pilot solutions that are transformative and achievable, harness the power of evidence to drive effective policy and practice, and use advocacy and communications to change narratives and norms.
Vera has a staff of 300 people and offices in New York City, Washington, DC, Los Angeles, and New Orleans. We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity in the workplace. We expect our staff to embody respect, independence, collaboration, commitment, anti-racism, and equity—both in our outward-facing work and the internal culture of our workplace. We value a range of experiences in peoples educational backgrounds and encourage people who have been directly impacted by the criminal justice system to apply.Who you are:
The PPM Manager role is a senior role within the Project  Portfolio Management (PPM) team aligned to a multi-year technology transformation strategy. The PPM team is charged with providing oversight, governance and credible challenge across the project portfolio that spans all areas of Vera Tech and other key transformation initiatives. The PPM Manager role will report directly to the Head of Vera Tech and will manage internal  external project managers, program managers, and portfolios, in addition to working closely with sponsors, cross functional business stakeholders, functional teams (e.g., technology, etc.), the PPM analyst, and other project management and technology professionals.
What youll do:

Provide hands-on PMO support to the Vera Tech Project Portfolio, as well as Leadership on PPM responsibilities and supervision of the PPM Team 
Own Request Management to ensure requests follow a formal intake process that will be prepared and reviewed at the bi-weekly Vera Tech Governance Meeting
Own Demand Management to shape new project requests, provide timely updates to requestors, prioritize projects and ensure projects are aligned to Veras Mission
Provide portfolio-level status reporting to all project teams, business teams, IT, and business sponsors and owners
Monitor  maintain risk, assumptions, issues, and dependencies, escalating action items as appropriate
Other job duties as assigned including but not limited to: 

Produce executive level portfolio governance material  
Track issue management and correction action plans linked to project deliverables 
The buildout and maintenance of the strategic roadmap with benefit tracking  
Change management elements entailing identification and impact assessment of scope, scheduling, and resource requests
Manage dependencies across all portfolios and locations  
Provide hands-on project management for key strategic projects 



What qualifications are we looking for?

3 years of managerial experience 
PMP certification with at least 3 years experience post certification 
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Business, preferred 
Experience with PPM tools such as Microsoft Project Online, Clarity, Primavera, or Planview PPM 
Disciplined and methodical approach to PPM activities inclusive of Request, Demand, and Resource Management 
Experience overseeing all aspects of PPM Governance  
Experience overseeing deliverables from initiative, through to closure and beyond into sustainability 
Experience in performing PPM roles on large and complex programs 
Hands-on experience in managing PPM activities across several project portfolios, particularly in challenging non-negotiable timelines 
Efficiency in Microsoft Office products including SharePoint, PowerPoint, Excel, and Slack 
Motivation to self-manage tasks and collaboratively execute those responsibilities with peers and others 
Experience in developing and implementing project controls to monitor and project assurance to assess adherence to PPM governance 
Ability to analyze project data to identify quality assurance emerging issues across risks, resourcing and scope delivery 
Ability to raft new and improving PPM standards and processes as well as briefing project managers  
Ability to serve as the product manager for our Microsoft PPM System 
Managerial experience overseeing the work of other project management professionals, along with the understanding of the administrative responsibilities of a supervisor 
Experience working in a PMO 

Knowledge, Skills,  Abilities youll bring:

Experience working in the non-profit sector 
Experience Building a PMO 

Location:
Please note this role will report to our Brooklyn office. Vera employees adhere to a hybrid schedule and are in-office on an alternating schedule that generally amounts to 10 days per month.Compensation and Benefits:
The compensation range for this position is 118,000 - 120,000. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience and performance. The salary range listed is just one component of Vera Institutes total compensation package for employees. As an employer of choice in our field, supporting Vera staff—both personally and professionally—is a priority. To do this, we invest in the well-being of our staff through other rewards including merit pay, generous paid time off, a comprehensive health insurance plan, student loan repayment benefits, professional development training opportunities and up to 2,000 annual for education costs and fees relevant to Vera work, employer-funded retirement plan, and flexible time.  To learn more about Veras benefits offerings, click here.
Applications may also be faxed to:
ATTN: People Resources  Manager of Project  Portfolio Management - IT  Vera Institute of Justice34 35th St, Suite 4-2A, Brooklyn, NY 11232Fax: (212) 941-9407Please use only one method (online, mail or fax) of submission.No phone calls, please. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
In order to ensure a healthy and safe work environment, Vera Institute of Justice is requiring all employees to be fully vaccinated and provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccine before their start date. Employees who cannot receive the vaccine because of a disabilitymedical contraindication or sincerely-held religious belief may request an accommodation (e.g., an exemption) to this requirement.
Vera is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, prior record of arrest or conviction, citizenship status, current employment status, or caregiver status. 
Vera works to advance justice, particularly racial justice, in an increasingly multicultural country and globally connected world. We value diverse experiences, including with regard to educational background and justice system contact, and depend on a diverse staff to carry out our mission. 
For more information about Vera, please visit www.vera.org
 