Who we are:
The Vera Institute of Justice, founded in 1961, is a nonprofit criminal justice organization that strives to build just government institutions and safe communities free from the scourge of racism, white supremacy, profit, and inequity that is pervasive in this countrys legal systems. We are an inside lane organization that drives change at scale with ambitious public sector leaders who share our commitment to building anti-racist, reparative systems that deliver justice. We leverage our access to government to transform these systems and work collaboratively with stakeholders across many movements—including advocacy, grassroots, and grasstop organizations. Our role is to pilot solutions that are transformative and achievable, harness the power of evidence to drive effective policy and practice, and use advocacy and communications to change narratives and norms.
Vera has a staff of 300 people and offices in New York City, Washington, DC, Los Angeles, and New Orleans. We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity in the workplace. We expect our staff to embody respect, independence, collaboration, commitment, anti-racism, and equity—both in our outward-facing work and the internal culture of our workplace. We value a range of experiences in peoples educational backgrounds and encourage people who have been directly impacted by the criminal justice system to apply.Who you are:In order to reduce the nations dependence on jails, as the leader of the Beyond Jails team, you will lead the efforts in working in jurisdictions across the country to shift resources to community-driven solutions in order to help people thrive. As the Initiative Director, you will lead Veras Beyond Jails work, which has three (3) core strategies: statewide advocacy campaigns and coalition building to create lasting policy change; pilot and build evidence around decarceration strategies; and building will for change in jurisdictions. While managing a team of 10  12 Verans, as the Initiative Director, you will partner with local government and community partners to develop plans for jail decarceration plans and programming, prevent the construction of new jails, and design reinvestment strategies.What youll do:Strategic Management 

Serve as the Beyond Jails initiative lead, executing and refining the team strategy for impact in the states in which we are working, and elevating the work at a national level
Manage and operationalize various components of the teams strategy -- including state legislative advocacy, site-based technical assistance, and research  and ensure cohesion of workstreams
In partnership with Veras Monitoring, Evaluation and Learning (MEL) unit, develop and measure metrics to discern impact of the established strategy and near-term milestones
Work closely with Veras Research, Communications, and Advocacy capacity teams to support the development and execution of the Beyond Jails strategy 

Communication Deliverables 

Lead the day-to-day messaging and narrative strategies around bail reform, pretrial justice, and other issues related to reducing reliance on jails
Draft and edit program reports, proposals, presentations, and internal  external blog posts to communicate updates on Beyond Jails work over time
Present on Veras work at conferences, over webinars, and throughout other external events

Operations Leadership 

Partner with the Development team to accomplish fundraising goals and support funder-relationship management, proposal creation, and reporting deadlines
Manage all elements of the teams operations, including budget, deadlines, staff deployment, and team performance
Maintain regular contact with the fiscal department to develop, track, and manage budgets

Team Building, Mentorship, and Supervision 

Oversee and own the overall development of the staff, including professional development, goal setting, and elements of accountability, aligned with Veras commitment to anti-racism and REI efforts.  
Supervise leaders on the team across operations, site work, and communications or campaign elements, ensuring that they execute efficiently with a propensity for learning

Other duties as required
What qualifications are we looking for?

Advanced degree  10  15 years of relevant experience in public policy or law, justice, social impact. In lieu of a degree, applicable work or life experience may be considered. 
Strong advocacy experience; demonstrable knowledge of how to run campaigns that use a combination advocacy, strategic communications, research, and technical assistance to drive change in complex ecosystems  
Subject matter expertise in bail reform, pretrial services, and other issues related to reducing reliance on jails
At least 3 years of management experience, directly supervising staff
Commitment to Veras mission to end the overcriminalization and mass incarceration of people of color, immigrants, and people experiencing poverty 

Preferred: 

Direct experience in justice reform and applied research
Administrative experience in budget development and management
Experience working with funders and important partners
Ability to work in diverse jurisdictions, including rural areas and small cities

Knowledge, Skills,  Abilities youll bring: 

Excellent research and communication skills, both written and oral 
Ability to work independently and as a member of several different project teams
Ability and willingness to travel  up to 25 of the time 
Passion for social justice for communities historically oppressed by the criminal legal system
Excellent strategic, program-solving, and analytic skills 
Experience and comfort with social science, legal research, and critical race theory 

Location:
Please note this role will report to any of our four (4) Vera offices; this includes Brooklyn, NY, Los Angeles, CA, Washington, DC, and New Orleans, LA. Vera employees adhere to a hybrid schedule and are in-office on an alternating schedule that generally amounts to 10 days per month.
Compensation and Benefits:
The compensation range for this position is 154,000 - 160,000 per year. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience and performance. The salary range listed is just one component of Vera Institutes total compensation package for employees. As an employer of choice in our field, supporting Vera staff—both personally and professionally—is a priority. To do this, we invest in the well-being of our staff through other rewards including merit pay, generous paid time off, a comprehensive health insurance plan, student loan repayment benefits, professional development training opportunities and up to 2,000 annual for education costs and fees relevant to Vera work, employer-funded retirement plan, and flexible time.  To learn more about Veras benefits offerings, click here.
Applications may also be faxed to:
ATTN: People Resources  Initiative Director, Beyond JailsVera Institute of Justice34 35th St, Suite 4-2A, Brooklyn, NY 11232Fax: (212) 941-9407Please use only one method (online, mail or fax) of submission.No phone calls, please. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
In order to ensure a healthy and safe work environment, Vera Institute of Justice is requiring all employees to be fully vaccinated and provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccine before their start date. Employees who cannot receive the vaccine because of a disabilitymedical contraindication or sincerely-held religious belief may request an accommodation (e.g., an exemption) to this requirement.
Vera is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, prior record of arrest or conviction, citizenship status, current employment status, or caregiver status. 
Vera works to advance justice, particularly racial justice, in an increasingly multicultural country and globally connected world. We value diverse experiences, including with regard to educational background and justice system contact, and depend on a diverse staff to carry out our mission. 
For more information about Vera, please visit www.vera.org