Who we are:
The Vera Institute of Justice, founded in 1961, is a nonprofit criminal justice organization that strives to build just government institutions and safe communities free from the scourge of racism, white supremacy, profit, and inequity that is pervasive in this countrys legal systems. We are an inside lane organization that drives change at scale with ambitious public sector leaders who share our commitment to building anti-racist, reparative systems that deliver justice. We leverage our access to government to transform these systems and work collaboratively with stakeholders across many movements—including advocacy, grassroots, and grasstop organizations. Our role is to pilot solutions that are transformative and achievable, harness the power of evidence to drive effective policy and practice, and use advocacy and communications to change narratives and norms.
Vera has a staff of 300 people and offices in New York City, Washington, DC, Los Angeles, and New Orleans. We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity in the workplace. We expect our staff to embody respect, independence, collaboration, commitment, anti-racism, and equity—both in our outward-facing work and the internal culture of our workplace. We value a range of experiences in peoples educational backgrounds and encourage people who have been directly impacted by the criminal justice system to apply.Who you are:
As Veras Payroll Administrator, you will be responsible for all payroll processes, working alongside all staff members to ensure proper reconciliation thereof. As our Payroll Administrator, you will be a member of the Finance team, responsible for undertaking a broad range of time-sensitive and detail-oriented payroll-related tasks that require solid administration  processing knowledge (e.g., federal, state, and local overtime and tax laws). Additionally, we need you to bring a high-degree of confidentiality and discretion, as well as the ability to work in a fast-paced environment, working well with people at all levels, including internal and external constituents. 
What youll do:
Coordinate bi-weekly ADP Workforce Now (WFN) payroll 

Review timesheets to ensure completion and assist employees with questions. 
Set-up new employees in ADP Enhanced Time  Attendance timecard system and assign manager licenses. 
Review and process bi-weekly payroll in accordance with payroll calendar deadlines, including adjustments for deductions, reviewing tax set-up and calculating retroactive payments. 
Reconcile earnings and benefit deductions on a bi-weekly basis. 
Process bi-weekly FSA, HSA contributions. 
Troubleshoot payroll system or timecard errors with ADP. 
Conduct internal payroll audits to ensure accuracy. 
Set-up new tax jurisdictions with state  local jurisdictions as well as ADP; coordinate tax notice submittals to ADP. Set up new deduction codes as needed.

Employee Onboarding 

Provide ADP Enhanced Time  Attendance training for new employees. 
Respond to employee inquiries regarding payroll issues or concerns. 

Payroll Administration  Audits 

Enter payroll taxes for each payroll cycle, utilizing the Statistical Summary report, into worksheet and submit to Accounting Manager for review.  
Record bi-weekly payroll journal entry containing employee allocations and vacation accrual; upload and post entry into accounting system, Abila MIP. 
Provide supporting documentation for annual Financial, Retirement, and Workers compensation audits.  
Process Quarterly and Year-End changes and corrections, including third-party sick pay.  
Own the distribution of W-2 forms, in addition to ad hoc, special projects requiring employee data output from ADP. 
Create and maintain documentation of payroll procedures, processes and timelines; maintain organized payroll records and files. 

Other duties as assigned 
What qualifications are we looking for?

3 years of payroll experience for a mid-sized organization of 300 employees.
Expert-level experience using ADP and Enhanced Time  Attendance systems. 
Experience running and creating various ADP reports. 

Preferred: 

BA  BS  BBA or relevant work experience. 
Experience with general ledger accounting a plus. 

Knowledge, Skills,  Abilities youll bring: 

Strong knowledge of tax and wage laws throughout the U.S. 
Ability to work effectively with minimal supervision. 

Technical knowledge we need you prepared to use:

Solid experience operating through ADP and Enhanced Time  Attendance.
Knowledge and ability to use financial functions in Excel, in addition to the ability to use other Microsoft Office Suite programs, including Outlook and Word. 

Location:
Please note this role will report to our Brooklyn, NY office. Vera employees adhere to a hybrid schedule and are in-office on an alternating schedule that generally amounts to 10 days per month.
Compensation and Benefits:
The compensation range for this position is 72,500 - 76,000. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience and performance. The salary range listed is just one component of Vera Institutes total compensation package for employees. As an employer of choice in our field, supporting Vera staff—both personally and professionally—is a priority. To do this, we invest in the well-being of our staff through other rewards including merit pay, generous paid time off, a comprehensive health insurance plan, student loan repayment benefits, professional development training opportunities and up to 2,000 annual for education costs and fees relevant to Vera work, employer-funded retirement plan, and flexible time.  To learn more about Veras benefits offerings, click here.
Applications may also be faxed to:
ATTN: People Resources  Payroll AdministratorVera Institute of Justice34 35th St, Suite 4-2A, Brooklyn, NY 11232Fax: (212) 941-9407Please use only one method (online, mail or fax) of submission.No phone calls, please. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
In order to ensure a healthy and safe work environment, Vera Institute of Justice is requiring all employees to be fully vaccinated and provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccine before their start date. Employees who cannot receive the vaccine because of a disabilitymedical contraindication or sincerely-held religious belief may request an accommodation (e.g., an exemption) to this requirement.
Vera is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, prior record of arrest or conviction, citizenship status, current employment status, or caregiver status. 
Vera works to advance justice, particularly racial justice, in an increasingly multicultural country and globally connected world. We value diverse experiences, including with regard to educational background and justice system contact, and depend on a diverse staff to carry out our mission. 
For more information about Vera, please visit www.vera.org