Who we are:
The Vera Institute of Justice, founded in 1961, is a nonprofit criminal justice organization that strives to build just government institutions and safe communities free from the scourge of racism, white supremacy, profit, and inequity that is pervasive in this countrys legal systems. We are an inside lane organization that drives change at scale with ambitious public sector leaders who share our commitment to building anti-racist, reparative systems that deliver justice. We leverage our access to government to transform these systems and work collaboratively with stakeholders across many movements—including advocacy, grassroots, and grasstop organizations. Our role is to pilot solutions that are transformative and achievable, harness the power of evidence to drive effective policy and practice, and use advocacy and communications to change narratives and norms.
Vera has a staff of 300 people and offices in New York City, Washington, DC, Los Angeles, and New Orleans. We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity in the workplace. We expect our staff to embody respect, independence, collaboration, commitment, anti-racism, and equity—both in our outward-facing work and the internal culture of our workplace. We value a range of experiences in peoples educational backgrounds and encourage people who have been directly impacted by the criminal justice system to apply.Who you are:
Reporting into the Associate Director of Digital Fundraising, the Digital Fundraising Manager will support the implementation of Veras fundraising plans across the Institutes website, email marketing, and social media channels, which include both quantitative and qualitative goals. 
The Digital Fundraising Manager will work closely alongside digital team colleagues within the Communications  External Affairs department, as well as across the Institute, helping to ensure cross-stream coordination and smooth operation of a rapidly expanding team. 
The successful candidate will be an entrepreneurial fundraiser with experience maintaining solicitation and engagement calendars across digital channels. Vera is seeking a candidate with a proven commitment to racial equity and passion for criminal legal reform, who enjoys designing and building out fundraising and cultivation efforts and thinks strategically and tactically to drive revenue growth. 
What youll do:
Collaborate closely with the Associate Director of Digital Fundraising, web, and digital team members to deliver annual fundraising strategies that foster awareness around the Vera brand and organizational efforts to advance criminal legal and immigration reform

Support strategy and implementation of multi-channel marketing campaigns, which include email, website, and social media channels
Provide project management for execution of digital fundraising campaigns to achieve acquisition, donor growth, and retention
Collaborate with key stakeholders across the Digital and Development teams to develop, implement, and monitor programs throughout the donor journey

Support planning and delivery of digital campaigns

Collaborate closely with Associate Director of Digital Fundraising to execute email campaigns including copy drafting, building, QA, and delivering campaigns using EveryAction
Work with Digital and Development team colleagues to produce and refresh automated campaigns to steward, retain, and upgrade donors
Assist on paid media campaigns including awareness, lead generation, and direct fundraising

Support reporting, testing, and optimization for digital campaigns

Devise and execute testing of creative assets, messaging, and campaign structure.  
Assist with monitoring and reporting on campaign performance, lead and traffic quality, landing page quality, etc.  
Assist with reporting and analysis of individual donor performance, growth, and retention metrics. 
Collaborate closely with Associate Director of Digital Fundraising to establish KPI objectives and benchmarks for success metrics, in partnership with Communications  External Affairs and Development stakeholders.  
Collaborate with Development team to produce and compile reporting to track online engagement and fundraising initiatives using EveryAction. 

Stay current on platform updates and digital development trends to assist with maximizing opportunities for our development efforts
What qualifications are we looking for?

6  9 years of relevant work experience, with 3  4 years of fundraising experience, including experience implementing fundraising appeals for a large audience online. 
Demonstrated success in fundraising and donor relations 
Proven project management expertise and experience working with outside vendors to meet deadlines 
Experience using CRM-driven fundraising tools (EveryAction, MailChimp, Salesforce, BlackbaudRaisers Edge, etc.).  

Preferred:

Bachelors degree preferred
Experience with EveryAction  
Experience with project management solutions (Asana, Basecamp, etc.)

Knowledge, Skills,  Abilities youll bring: 

Experience galvanizing digital communities around critical issues through the use of engaging copy, design and calls-to-action  
Ability to break down complex issues and research findings for a range of unique audiences in a way that is accessible, engaging, and actionable
Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills 
Strong project management skills 
Strong attention to detail  
Proven commitment to racial equity and passion for criminal legal reform 
Demonstrated committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion in the workplace

Location:
Please note this role will report to our Brooklyn, NY office. Vera employees adhere to a hybrid schedule and are in-office on an alternating schedule that generally amounts to 10 days per month.
Compensation and Benefits:
The compensation range for this position is 84,500 - 89,500. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience and performance. The salary range listed is just one component of Vera Institutes total compensation package for employees. As an employer of choice in our field, supporting Vera staff—both personally and professionally—is a priority. To do this, we invest in the well-being of our staff through other rewards including merit pay, generous paid time off, a comprehensive health insurance plan, student loan repayment benefits, professional development training opportunities and up to 2,000 annual for education costs and fees relevant to Vera work, employer-funded retirement plan, and flexible time.  To learn more about Veras benefits offerings, click here.
Applications may also be faxed to:
ATTN: People Resources  Manager, Digital FundraisingVera Institute of Justice34 35th St, Suite 4-2A, Brooklyn, NY 11232Fax: (212) 941-9407Please use only one method (online, mail or fax) of submission.No phone calls, please. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
In order to ensure a healthy and safe work environment, Vera Institute of Justice is requiring all employees to be fully vaccinated and provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccine before their start date. Employees who cannot receive the vaccine because of a disabilitymedical contraindication or sincerely-held religious belief may request an accommodation (e.g., an exemption) to this requirement.
Vera is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, prior record of arrest or conviction, citizenship status, current employment status, or caregiver status. 
Vera works to advance justice, particularly racial justice, in an increasingly multicultural country and globally connected world. We value diverse experiences, including with regard to educational background and justice system contact, and depend on a diverse staff to carry out our mission. 
For more information about Vera, please visit www.vera.org