Who we are:
The Vera Institute of Justice, founded in 1961, is a nonprofit criminal justice organization that strives to build just government institutions and safe communities free from the scourge of racism, white supremacy, profit, and inequity that is pervasive in this countrys legal systems. We are an inside lane organization that drives change at scale with ambitious public sector leaders who share our commitment to building anti-racist, reparative systems that deliver justice. We leverage our access to government to transform these systems and work collaboratively with stakeholders across many movements—including advocacy, grassroots, and grasstop organizations. Our role is to pilot solutions that are transformative and achievable, harness the power of evidence to drive effective policy and practice, and use advocacy and communications to change narratives and norms.
Vera has a staff of 300 people and offices in New York City, Washington, DC, Los Angeles, and New Orleans. We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity in the workplace. We expect our staff to embody respect, independence, collaboration, commitment, anti-racism, and equity—both in our outward-facing work and the internal culture of our workplace. We value a range of experiences in peoples educational backgrounds and encourage people who have been directly impacted by the criminal justice system to apply.Who you are:
The Senior Political Media Strategist at Vera Action will conceptualize and execute media and communications strategies for Vera Action, Vera Institute of Justices independent, but closely aligned, 501(c)(4) affiliate. Vera Actions mission is to harness advocacy, policy, and narrative change to end mass incarceration, fight for immigrants rights, bring dignity to people behind bars, and to build safe, thriving communities.
The Senior Political Media Strategist will supervise and be responsible for the development and implementation of communications strategies for multiple projects at Vera Action, including the organizations work to change the politics and narrative around issues of crime and safety. This position will work closely with leadership of Vera Action and a wide range of internal and external partners to ensure that media efforts are supporting Vera Actions strategy and goals, and will ensure that the digital teams at Vera Action have the content they need to amplify advocacy priorities and issues. The Senior Political Communications Strategist will also hold bottom-line responsibility in overseeing the measurement of their impact across Vera Action.   
What youll do:
Vera Action Communications Strategy 

Develop and execute a communications strategy, in coordination with Vera Action, Vera, and external partners, to drive narrative and policy change and regularly report on progress 
Survey the media landscape for opportunities and challenges based on legislation, breaking news, elections, and other trends 
Develop messaging to support Vera Actions advocacy priorities and campaigns 
Develop and execute a crisis communications response plan for a variety of scenarios related to any potential incidents

Thought Leadership and Positioning 

Identify and implement strategic ways to promote Vera Actions work (i.e., reports, message testing, policy analysis, statements) and public profile of Vera Action and its leadership. Opportunities could include conferences, speaking engagements, briefings, etc. 
Drafting or editing content to make regular contributions to national conversation around public safety (op-eds, blogs, letters to the editor) 
Crafting statements and talking points, providing media trainings 
Creating media opportunities for Vera Action leadership or partners through direct pitching

Relationship Building 

Introduce Vera Action staff and leadership to reporters, editors, and producers, and maintain ongoing relationships with these individuals  both national press and local press in media markets where Vera Action work is focused

Stakeholder Collaboration

Collaborate with communications, advocacy, research, digital, and editorial and program staff to ensure coherent messaging development and delivery 
Collaborate with Vera Action digital and editorial teams to ensure coordination of communication strategies and tight integration with Vera Actions overall messaging

Other duties as assigned
Knowledge, Skills,  Abilities youll bring:

6 - 9 years of work experience in communications, including at least 5 years of experience in political campaigns, nonprofit advocacy spaces, and  or government   
Preferred: Work experience that includes 2-3 years of direct supervisory experience of rising communications talent 
Candidates who have a strong background in media relations or communications strategy are welcome to apply 
We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity in the workplace—specifically, we value diverse experiences regarding educational background and justice system contact 

Technical knowledge we need you prepared to use:

Ability to travel up to 20 of the time 
Strong managerial skills 
Ability to provide after-hours support, as needed 
Strong media pitching experience 
Experience providing media training 
Strong writing and research skills 
Strong inter-relational skills and experience working effectively in a large organization with multiple stakeholders 
Flexibility, adaptability, and productivity in a changing political climate 
Experience working with policy coalitions, electoral campaigns, and community-based partners 
Ability to consider multiple perspectives, think critically, provide an analysis, evaluate risk, and implement solutions to complex problems 
Influential communication skills, able to justify recommendations to diverse audiences in a compelling manner 
Highly proficient with Microsoft Office Suite 
An uncompromising commitment to justice and race equity 

Location:
Please note this role will report to our Brooklyn, NY, or Washington, D.C. office. Vera employees adhere to a hybrid schedule and are in-office on an alternating schedule that generally amounts to 10 days per month.
Compensation and Benefits:
The compensation range for this position is 89,500 - 94,500. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience and performance. The salary range listed is just one component of Vera Institutes total compensation package for employees. As an employer of choice in our field, supporting Vera staff—both personally and professionally—is a priority. To do this, we invest in the well-being of our staff through other rewards including merit pay, generous paid time off, a comprehensive health insurance plan, student loan repayment benefits, professional development training opportunities and up to 2,000 annual for education costs and fees relevant to Vera work, employer-funded retirement plan, and flexible time.  To learn more about Veras benefits offerings, click here.
Applications may also be faxed to:
ATTN: People Resources  Senior Political Media StrategistVera Institute of Justice34 35th St, Suite 4-2A, Brooklyn, NY 11232Fax: (212) 941-9407Please use only one method (online, mail or fax) of submission.No phone calls, please. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.
In order to ensure a healthy and safe work environment, Vera Institute of Justice is requiring all employees to be fully vaccinated and provide proof of their COVID-19 vaccine before their start date. Employees who cannot receive the vaccine because of a disabilitymedical contraindication or sincerely-held religious belief may request an accommodation (e.g., an exemption) to this requirement.
Vera is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, prior record of arrest or conviction, citizenship status, current employment status, or caregiver status. 
Vera works to advance justice, particularly racial justice, in an increasingly multicultural country and globally connected world. We value diverse experiences, including with regard to educational background and justice system contact, and depend on a diverse staff to carry out our mission. 
For more information about Vera, please visit www.vera.org.