

Vestmark is looking for a motivated Senior Integration QA Engineer to join our agile organization that is dedicated to delivering high quality Vestmark product suites and ensuring that those meet and exceed client expectations. This is an exciting opportunity for you to make your mark in a fast-paced and growing software engineering organization.  The Senior Integration QA Engineer will ensure the quality of newly developed and existing interfaces between Vestmark and dozens of external systems, a combination of webservices and Vestmarks proprietary XML-based data transformation technology.  You will be a key member of our team responsible for developing, implementing, and documenting solutions integrating applications across the VestmarkONE platform and external systems.  You will review functional requirements and user stories from internal stakeholders, design test plans, write test cases, oversee test strategies, and perform testing for assigned applications. Our ideal candidate would have a combination of business acumen and technical expertise to allow them to grow into an SME on complex full-stack applications.
Responsibilities:

Ensure the quality of newly developed and existing interfaces between Vestmark and dozens of external systems, a combination of webservices and Vestmarks proprietary XML-based data transformation technology
Assist in UAT and Production deployments and checkouts to cover the work done on the Integration Platform
Apply expertise in specific product areas to ensure that Vestmark application services meet documented acceptance criteria and client quality expectations.
Instill QA best practices on your scrum team by leading test case development, test execution, and status tracking.
QA mentorship for non-QA staff on your scrum team so that they can understand how to better test functionality as it is being developed to ensure high quality releases.
Provide feedback on product performance and user experience.
Participate in all aspects of the Agile SDLC

Providing constructive feedback during grooming, retrospectives, and planning sessions
Periodically demonstrate new functionality to internal stakeholders, as well as members of other scrum teams
Become an SME for output of your team to assist Vestmark Implementations team roll-out new functionality


Contribute to the review of product documentationrelease notes.
Contribute to the growth and development of our core values: We Before Me, Positive Energy, Knowledge Explorer and Own it!

Skills  Requirements:

Bachelors degree in Finance, Computer Science or equivalent work experience.
5 years of Software Quality Assurance experience, ideally with a strong focus in Financial Technology or related domain.
Integration testing experience including inbound file processing, outbound file creation, API testing, configuration testing, etc.
Working knowledge of XML.
Experience with Financial technologies such as BETA, APL, FIX, IDC, Reuters, Morningstar or Bloomberg.
Experience with web services (REST and  or SOAP) testing using tools such as Postman, Swagger, SoapUI, or similar.
Relational database testing experience and ability to retrieve and manipulate data by writing SQL queries.
Experience with CICD tools such as Jenkins, or similar.
Foundational knowledge of source control tools such as Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, or similar.
Experience working in an Agile environment and ability to write tests from abstract requirements or Agile Stories.
Ability to troubleshoot, diagnose, resolve and explain system level issues affecting applications.
Basic knowledge of Python, Java, or JavaScript.
Excellent communication skills along with a demonstrated ability to operate independently on a small team in a fast-paced environment.

Desired Skills:

Experience working with test management tools such as Zephyr, Xray, ALM or similar.
Scale and performance testing with tools such as JMeter, Locust, or similar.
Automation testing experience with Selenium or similar tools.
Experience with automation of API testing.
Experience creating and editing wiki pages in tools such as Confluence.
Experience with log collection and analysis using APM and DB monitoring tools like Splunk, SolarWinds, AppDynamics, or similar.
Experience testing applications hosted on cloud infrastructures, AWS preferred, AWS certification a bonus.

Note:  This job is only available on a 100 remote basis to candidates with permanent residence in the following states:  CA, CO, CT, FL, IL, KS, MA, ME, MN, MO, NC, NH, NJ, NY, OH, OR, PA, SC, TX, UT, VT, WA, and Washington D.C.  Candidates with permanent residence outside of the above states will not be eligible for hire on a 100 remote basis.


Vestmark is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Vestmark prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability status, protected military or veteran status, and genetic information.
LI-Hybrid LI-BR1