A Technical Support Engineering Co-op on the production support team, is responsible for production and technical support for clients using our Managed Accounts solutions platform. The Technical Support Engineer Intern works with clients to analyze, research, and resolve customer support cases.  This hands-on position requires client contact, problem resolution, and coordination with internal operations and technology teams to service clients.
This is an on-site role, requiring five days per week in the office January-April 2024. The office is located at Vestmarks headquarters in Wakefield, MA. Fully remote or hybrid candidates will not be considered.  
Responsibilities:

Work collaboratively and independently to contribute to and progress the analysis, research, and resolution of customer support cases logged via the Vestmark Support Portal
Answer inbound support calls and triage support inquiries; escalate to support team leader or manager if case is outside area of understanding
Proactively log activities associated with assigned cases, ensuring all activity is accurately described and described with a reasonable amount of detail
Management of client expectations  excellent communication skills are essential
Partner with various internal departments to deliver superior customer service
Proactive support documentation development and refinement

Required Experience and Skills:

Knowledge, understanding andor interest in the Financial sector
Knowledge, understanding andor interest of enterprise software implementation lifecycle and aptitude for comprehending enterprise software architecture

Desired Technical Skills:

MS Windows, SQL
Ability to balance and manage multiple, competing priorities
Collaborative interpersonal skills and ability to work within cross-functional teams
Self-starter who can display good judgment to plan and accomplish goals in complex fast-paced environment
Excellent customer service mentality and skills
Creative problem-solving and analysis skills
Ability to handle problem situations quickly, inventively, and resourcefully
Knowledge or understanding of investment systems (e.g. Portfolio Management, Trading, MiddleBack Office Operations) is a plus

Education: 

Progress towards a BA or BS degree (BS degree in Finance or Computer Science is a plus)
Vestmark is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Vestmark prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability status, protected military or veteran status, and genetic information.
LI-onsite

