Vestmark is looking to hire a Senior Manager of Platform Engineering to lead the cloud engineering team who is highly motivated with solid technical background in cloud technologies. You will own the delivery of platform enhancements and are always looking at improving productivity. You will be leading and growing a team of experienced cloud engineers who contribute to the development of the next-generation technology stack in AWS. You will be a visionary and technical leader with a mission to improve our cloud services for our internal and external customers. Your expertise in safeguarding, hiring, and mentoring high performing individuals will help accelerate our growing business needs.
Your experience will drive application and infrastructure enhancements for new and transitioning customers from on-premise to cloud. You will partner with other company leaders and engineers to enable and ensure software and systems integrate to achieve reliability, scalability, security, and business objectives. You have a passion for cloud-based platforms with an agile, DevOps mindset to share knowledge with others and solve complex problems. 
As a Senior Manager of Platform Engineering, you will have solid experience in cybersecurity, networking, operating systems, and application architecture and a deep understanding of how applications and services are best built and run in AWS. You are a passionate advocate for infrastructure as code, well architected principles, collaboration, continuous delivery, and a DevOps and observability advocate.  While enhancing the cloud platform, you will mentor and lead a team of talented cloud engineers helping them to set and achieve their goals and develop their professional career, and work across the organization to advocate for platform innovation.This position is for an experienced hands-on, detail oriented individual with a passion for innovation, collaboration, ability to deal with ambiguity and an ability to influence broadly.
Responsibilities:

Evaluate business needs and priorities, liaise with key stakeholders and address the needs related to cloud development and operations
Drive Infrastructure As Code (IAC) and platform best practices and enhancements.
Translate business requirements into technical specifications; define and gather details, definitions and success criteria 
Partner with senior management on the vision for cloud engineering
Provide a roadmap of the major milestones, deliverable, resource requirements and risks
Build a test framework for cloud development and surpass quality targets
Liaison between other engineering and support teams to extend reach and drive adoption of AWS solutions
Ensure customer satisfaction
Product owner of the cloud engineering team; Leader of the entire cloud development.
Contribute to the growth and development of our core values: We Before Me, Positive Energy, Knowledge Explorer, and Own It

Basic Qualifications:

7 years of enterprise web application experience as a cloud architect, devops engineer or a technical expert
3 years of experience managing a technical team of cloud or devops engineers or similar technical roles
2 years of hands-on infrastructure as code development, devops engineering, public cloud hosting (AWS, GCP, or Azure), Windows and Linux system administration, cybersecurity, network and database administration, and system architecture
Bachelors degree in engineering discipline or equivalent experience

Preferred Qualifications:

Ability to manage the team remotely and assist the daily task execution, project planning and reporting
Masters degree in engineering, management or equivalent experience
Prior experience in managing cloud or devops engineering teams responsible to build infrastructure as code for application deployments
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills 
Demonstrated organization and presentation skills with an open mind set to collaborate and network with other department leaders

Vestmark is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Vestmark prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability status, protected military or veteran status, and genetic information.  
LI Hybrid 
 