


r to the Managed Services team

 
Managed Services System Engineer Co-Op
The Vestmark Managed Services Team is a small team dedicated to the daily operation of the Vestmark Data Center. The team is responsible for the design, provisioning, monitoring, and operations of hardware, networks, and databases to support the VestmarkONE SaaS Platform. The team offers a great opportunity to experience a wide range of technologies and challenges as we strive to provide world-class hosted services to our growing customer base. Scalability, Security, and Disaster Recovery are the fundamental challenges the team takes on every day.
 The Role:
We are looking to add a college Sophomore or Junior majoring in Network Engineering, Computer Engineering or System Engineering to our team and participate in the Internship Program. As a System Engineer, you will ensure that Vestmark delivers and continues to deliver a high performance and reliable service. You will start with executing routine procedures and progress to take on more challenging tasks such as trouble shooting system issues, documenting network configurations, and implementing system upgrades and expansions.  Our Co-Ops start doing meaningful work on their second day and are expected to contribute to the success of our team.
 
Responsibilities:

Implement routine requests such as IP Whitelisting, DB Backups and Restores, and FTP configuration.
Respond to alerts from various monitoring tools to address disk space and other similar issues.
Monitor and manage servers both physical and virtual.
Expand disk space allocated on a storage area network.
Troubleshoot system issues.
Update system and process documentation.
Create and manage tickets.

 Minimum Qualifications (Requirements):

Sophomore level or above and majoring in Information Technology, Information Systems, or ComputerNetwork Engineering.
Working knowledge of Windows Servers.
Solid understanding of computer systems including operating systems, database systems, storage, CPU, etc.
Familiarity with computer networking and associated technologies including load balancing, switches, routers, VLANs, FTP and proxies.
Strong analytical skills, initiative, desire to learn and interest in working as part of a team that is focused on results and positive energy.
Previous experience working with technology users to troubleshoot issues.

 Preferred Qualifications (nice to have):

Familiarity with AWS, Wikis and Jira.

Vestmark is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Vestmark prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability status, protected military or veteran status, and genetic information.     
 
 LI-Hybrid 
 

