The Development Operations Group works along with other members of the Technology Operations department in accomplishing a variety of IT related tasks. This work can include development, maintenance, and administration of IT infrastructure. This also involves supporting all of the departments at Vestmark in using and enhancing business processes involving Salesforce, JIRA, Confluence, and other applications. In addition, this team helps to design, develop and implement new enterprise applications to support our growing organization. The team is made up of levelheaded, well organized, and smart individuals that enjoy working together, and enjoy the constant flow of new challenges.
We are looking to add a Senior Salesforce Administrator to the Development Operations group.   To be successful in this role, you will have a passion for all things Salesforce, people, and processes. This multi-facetted role includes but is not limited to the following.
Salesforce Administration:

Own the day-to-day administrative functions including user access, security, and deployment.
Coordinate the evaluation, scope, design, and implementation of new development requests.
Support integrations between Salesforce and various internal processes Vestmark has developed.
Identify and address opportunities for improvement in our CRM.

Additional Responsibilities:

Willingness to learn, collaborate, and co-administrate enterprise applications such as Splunk, Aha!, JIRA and Confluence. 
Willingness to learn, understand, and support our internal billing systems. 

Responsibilities

Develop and maintain Vestmarks Salesforce Application.
Work with internal stakeholders to discuss business requirements.
Automate processes using Salesforce tools.
Participate in the development and maintenance of IT Policy and related policy documentation.

Minimum qualifications (Requirements):

5 years of Salesforce Admin Experience. 
Salesforce Administrator Certification.
BS in Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical field, or equivalent experience.
Strong interpersonal and presentation skills; strong written and verbal communication, strong organizational skills.
Ability to work effectively in a team environment.
Contribute to the growth and development of our core values: We Before Me, Positive Energy, Knowledge Explorer, and Own It
Ability to work independently and demonstrate good judgment.

Preferred qualifications (nice to have):

Salesforce Advanced Administrator Certification.
Experience with the Salesforce development, including Apex, LWC, Visualforce, SOQL.
Experience with Atlassian Cloud productsadministration. 
Knowledge of scripting languages such as PERL, Python, Ruby.

Opportunity

Join a small team of experienced system administrators and engineers in the Financial Services domain and quickly become an important contributor on the team.
Be a part of an entrepreneurial oriented company and learn what it takes to grow a successful company.
Be a part owner of the company and directly reap the benefits of your hard work and personal contributions.
Be excited about your work and the people you work with and look forward to coming to work every day.

Location

Hybrid role: 2 days in Wakefield office. 

Vestmark is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Vestmark prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability status, protected military or veteran status, and genetic information.
LI-Hybrid 