Viam is a software platform that makes it easy to turn great ideas into production-ready smart machines  robots at scale. Viam works with any hardware and has modern architecture, easy developer APIs, cloud connectivity and tools, and enterprise-grade security to give even the leanest teams the power to launch and manage their smart machine businesses.
Viam makes building, deploying, and monitoring smart machines a more flexible, affordable, and user-friendly experience, allowing developers to do more with smart machines while getting them to market faster. By making smart machines more accessible, Viam is attracting talent and investment to the industry so that more people start building automated products and services that improve our quality of life.Senior Software Engineer, DataMachine Learning (Full Stack)
We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our New York based DataML team. The DataML team tackles interesting problems that span a wide range of technical challenges in machine learning, data storage, database optimization, cloud storage, API design, UIUX, and more.
You will have the opportunity to create solutions that can make it seamless for a user to use a smart machine, get data from that smart machine, and use that data to do something really interesting. Since data is so fundamental to all types of smart machines and use cases, we collaborate with folks from different engineering teams, like SLAM or Computer Vision, to get the data from their componentsservices into Viam.
The current tech stack consists of Golang (backend), PythonTensorFlow (machine learning), TypeScript, Vue, Svelte, HTML (frontend).
In this role, you will: 

Work across the stack to create scalable solutions that allow our users to manage the lifecycle of data from smart machines. 
Design and implement data storage and processing systems. 
Collaborate with many other teams to integrate their newest features into our web app frontend and backend.

Were looking for someone who: 

Has an affinity for sophisticated problems, and loves solving them with practical solutions.
Believes in high-quality, tested, and well-documented code.
Is excited to discuss and implement best practices and design patterns for data viewing and analysis. 
Has experience in data storage and cloud infrastructure.
Wants to work with physical hardware, but doesnt necessarily have experience doing so.
Has experience in component-based development, end-to-end testing, and frontend frameworks.
Has software engineering experience using languages, such as CC, Golang, Java, Python, JavaScript, TypeScript.

Benefits:

100 covered medicaldentalvision insurance plans
Competitive salary  equity packages (see below)
Reproductive Health Benefits including Fertility Benefits and Abortion Access Travel Benefits
25 days paid vacation and generous holiday observances
One Medical Membership
Citi Bike memberships
Commuter benefits
Monthly wellness stipend to be used for a variety of fitness-related items like gym memberships, fitness classes, fitness equipment, apparel, and more
Free lunch everyday that youre in the office
Paid parental leave

The starting salary for this role is between 157,000 - 213,000year. Your exact offer will vary based on a number of factors including experience level, skillset, market location, and balancing internal equity relative to peers at the company. We recognize that the person we hire may be less experienced, or more senior, than this job description as posted. In these situations, the updated salary range will be communicated with you as a candidate. In addition to cash compensation, Viam offers a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants, health benefits, and more. 