At Vidyard, we make life easier for sellers, marketers and corporate communicators. Our video messaging tools, digital sales room platform, and other products are used by Microsoft, LinkedIn, and thousands of other companies. Were passionate about elevating our customers, our teammates, our communities, and ourselves.
About the Role
Vidyard is looking for a Director Sales - Enterprise Acquisition to lead our Enterprise New Business team. Reporting to the Senior Director of Sales, your primary responsibilities will involve attracting, developing and retaining a high-performing sales team capable of achieving exceptional results.Youll also be responsible for running and growing the new business segment, signing new logos and the programmatic scaled growth of the smaller, more transactional segments.
The ideal candidate for this role should have a proven track record of success in sales leadership, a strong understanding of market dynamics, and the ability to drive performance while adhering to budgets. If you are a results-oriented individual with a passion for building high-performance teams and driving business growth, we invite you to join our innovative and ambitious team at Vidyard! 
This is a remote role open to candidates located in Canada and the United States.
About the Team
Our Enterprise New Business team is a small (but mighty!) team of 4 Mid-Market and Enterprise Sales reps. The Team is responsible for acquiring and growing some of our largest customers while closely coordinating with marketing and BDR teams to maintain pipeline generation and leads.
What Youll Work On

Driving a culture of achievement to exceed revenue and productivity targets
Setting clear expectations around revenue generating activities and strategies for creating pipeline
Working with marketing for in-market events and lead generation activities 
Coaching team in effective sales strategies, pipeline management, opportunity management and career planning
Cultivating and maintaining strong relationships with key enterprise clients and prospects, understanding their business challenges, and presenting tailored solutions that address their specific needs
Regularly analyzing sales metrics, pipeline data, and other KPIs to provide accurate forecasts and strategic recommendations to leadership 
Continuously refining and enhancing the sales process to ensure efficiency, consistency and scalability across the Commercial Sales team

What Youll Bring to this Role and Your New Team:

 5 years of proven sales leadership experience in B2B sales, with a track record of exceeding revenue targets and leading high-performing sales teams
Proficiency in analyzing sales data and metrics to inform decision-making and strategy
Experience managing and closing complex B2B sales cycles with C-level decision makers 
Strong understanding of SaaS and technology landscape, with experience selling enterprise-level solutions
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, with ability to build and nurture strong customer relationships
Comfortable in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with the ability to adapt to changes and drive positive outcomes 
Experience leading a team using a strategic selling model
Expertise in buildingmanaging a multi-product suite of products

Our Sales Tech Stack

Salesforce, Salesloft, Zoominfo  SalesNavigator

What Youll Love about Vidyard:

Competitive pay
Comprehensive, flexible benefits on day one
Wellness allowance to spend on whats important to you 
Flexible hours  unlimited vacation  programs to support travel while working, enabling you to live your best life
Access to Inkblot, a digital mental health platform  1,500personyear for mental health coverage
Allowance to support your ongoing growth and development
Parental leave top-up
Paid volunteer hours
Employee resource groups to empower and drive change at Vidyard and in our communities
RRSP match
Stock options
Flexible holiday program
Home office stipend 
Flexibility to work in the place that brings out your best: whether you thrive in the comfort of your home office, or are local to, and prefer the energy of our collaboration space in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada, there is flexibility for all. Although we default to remote-first there will be occasional in-person meetingsevents purposefully designed for connection and collaboration.

Benefits described are Canadian specific, if youre located in another country our People team will speak with you about localized benefits for you.
We thank all applicants for your interest in Vidyard. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Unsolicited resumes from Agencies will not be accepted.
Vidyard is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to complete the application andor interview process should notify us at recruitmentvidyard.com.