At Vidyard, we make life easier for sellers, marketers and corporate communicators. Our video messaging tools, digital sales room platform, and other products are used by Microsoft, LinkedIn, and thousands of other companies. Were passionate about elevating our customers, our teammates, our communities, and ourselves.
About the Role
Vidyard is looking for a Security Lead to be the champion of our Security team. Reporting to the Director of Platform and Infrastructure, you will work with teams across Vidyard to ensure our security compliance and risk requirements are met, while driving security awareness across Engineering and the business. You will become a strong mentor to our IT  Security team on security practices to level up the teams knowledge and skills! 
This is a remote role open to candidates located in Canada.
About the Team
Our Security team, led by the Director of Platform and Infrastructure, collaborates closely with the IT team to develop secure applications and platforms for both our customers and employees.
This includes refining policies, streamlining processes and procedures, and making thorough preparations for our upcoming certifications. Additionally, the team partners with the sales department to ensure accurate responses to inquiries about our organization, its applications, and the security measures in place.
As a cohesive team, they are deeply committed to ensuring our employees and customers remain well-informed and conscious of security practices, while actively cultivating a secure and collaborative environment for all stakeholders involved.
As a Security Lead You Can Expect to:

Partner with other teams to help them improve their security posture and monitor their configurations, vulnerabilities, and compliance
Lead efforts to define, document and implement industry leading security practices  internal controls
Evaluate new cybersecurity threats and IT trends to develop effective security controls
Research, develop and maintain a high-quality securityvulnerability posture
Assist with penetration testing and compliance certification audits with our security vendors
Lend your expertise to enable our pre-sales technical teams to manage customer security questionnaires
Monitor our security stance, and react and respond to alerts across our platforms and tools
Collaborate with Developers and leaders to help triage, prioritize, and remediate weaknesses and vulnerabilities found during security assessments.
Coordinate with internal teams to operationalize and audit infosec policies
Advise on core internal security policies and processes such as Security Incident Management, Risk Management, Vulnerability Management
Lead and facilitate all periodic regulatory processes (e.g. SOC2, ISO27001), coordinating and gathering information across the company to fulfill our obligations
Manage our vendor assessment processes, interfacing with external stakeholders as necessary.

What Youll Bring to this Role and Your New Team:

8 - 10 years of related functional experience
Deep expertise in the OWASP Top 10 and a thorough understanding of web application security principles and common vulnerabilities.
Expertise in cloud security, preferably in AWS, with a strong understanding of cloud security best practices.
Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively across teams and influence stakeholders.

Our Tech Stack

Cloud Compliance Platforms
SIEM products
Network Security (eg. WAF, Security Groups)
Cloud Security Tooling (eg. AWS Inspector)
Static Application Security Testing (SAST) Tools
Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST) Tools


Job descriptions can be overwhelming. At Vidyard we are motivated to drive change together and deeply value the unique experiences, abilities and opinions you possess, so if this role sounds like your next adventure, but you dont feel entirely qualified, apply! We value candidates who own it, and if youre relentlessly resourceful too, you might be exactly who we are looking for. 
As we also value user obsession, we prioritize our users, customers and community so you can expect to hear from our team even if you are not selected to move forward.
What Youll Love about Vidyard:

Competitive pay
Comprehensive, flexible benefits on day one
Wellness allowance to spend on whats important to you 
Flexible hours  unlimited vacation  programs to support travel while working, enabling you to live your best life
Access to Inkblot, a digital mental health platform  1,500personyear for mental health coverage
Allowance to support your ongoing growth and development
Parental leave top-up
Paid volunteer hours
Employee resource groups to empower and drive change at Vidyard and in our communities
RRSP match
Stock options
Flexible holiday program
Home office stipend 
Flexibility to work in the place that brings out your best: whether you thrive in the comfort of your home office, or are local to, and prefer the energy of our collaboration space in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada, there is flexibility for all.  Although we default to remote-first there will be occasional in-person meetingsevents purposefully designed for connection and collaboration.

Benefits described are Canadian specific, if youre located in another country our People team will speak with you about localized benefits for you.
We thank all applicants for your interest in Vidyard. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Unsolicited resumes from Agencies will not be accepted.
Vidyard is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to complete the application andor interview process should notify us at recruitmentvidyard.com.