At Vidyard, we make life easier for sellers, marketers and corporate communicators. Our video messaging tools, digital sales room platform, and other products are used by Microsoft, LinkedIn, and thousands of other companies. Were passionate about elevating our customers, our teammates, our communities, and ourselves.
About the Role
Vidyard is looking for a Director of Sales to lead our Account Management team. Reporting to the Senior Director of Sales, your primary responsibilities will involve leading a team of account managers and Renewal Specialists, each handling diverse customer segments. You will have a high impact by coaching your team in effective sales strategies, setting performance goals, and closely monitoring key performance indicators. You will drive success by being actively involved in the sales process to optimize renewal rates and deal closures, and will play a vital role in fostering cross-functional collaboration to ensure a seamless customer experience while maintaining accurate revenue forecasts.
The ideal candidate for this role should have a proven track record of success in sales leadership, the ability to manage and close on complex sales cycles and shouldnt be afraid to dive in on the front-line with the team. If you are a results-oriented individual with a passion for building high-performance teams and driving business growth, we invite you to join our innovative and ambitious team at Vidyard! 
This is a remote role open to candidates located in Canada and the United States.
About the Team
Stepping into this team, you will be leading a group of 7 highly motivated Account Managers and 3 Contract Renewal Specialists (10 total). The team is responsible for all renewals, cross-sells and upsell revenue, ranging from SMB to strategic enterprise customers. Working cross-functionally with our RevOps, Customer Success and Product teams to accurately and intentionally move through sales cycles.
What Youll Work On

Driving a culture of achievement to exceed revenue, renewal and productivity targets
Coaching your team in effective sales strategies, customer account planning, pipeline development, and opportunity management.
Setting goals, action plans, playbooks, and key metrics for your account managers in different customer tiers with different levels of expansion potential
Analyzing pre-indicators including activity volumes, meetings booked, account plans and individual pipelines to monitor rep effectiveness and future revenue forecasting
Actively participate in the sales cycle to bring leadership and strategic support in order to engage internal resources to optimize renewal rates and close rates on opportunities 
Building strong relationships and collaborating cross-functionally to optimize sales handoffs, customer marketing programs, sales training, services deployment, and effective support to drive a seamless customer experience
Owning accurate forecasting of renewals and upsell revenue
Working with RevOps to design optimal account assignments based on the whitespace within accounts as well as current managed ARR
Hiring and retaining above-the-mean, revenue focused talent

What Youll Bring to this Role and Your New Team:

5 years of experience leading an account management team in a SaaS or technology sales environment; enterprise experience an asset
Track record of consistently achieving quota and strategic objectives
Experience managing and closing complex B2B sales cycles with C-level decision makers
Post-secondary degreediploma preferred

Our Sales Tech Stack

Salesforce, Salesloft, Zoominfo  SalesNavigator

What Youll Love about Vidyard:

Competitive pay
Comprehensive, flexible benefits on day one
Wellness allowance to spend on whats important to you 
Flexible hours  unlimited vacation  programs to support travel while working, enabling you to live your best life
Access to Inkblot, a digital mental health platform  1,500personyear for mental health coverage
Allowance to support your ongoing growth and development
Parental leave top-up
Paid volunteer hours
Employee resource groups to empower and drive change at Vidyard and in our communities
RRSP match
Stock options
Flexible holiday program
Home office stipend 
Flexibility to work in the place that brings out your best: whether you thrive in the comfort of your home office, or are local to, and prefer the energy of our collaboration space in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada, there is flexibility for all.  Although we default to remote-first there will be occasional in-person meetingsevents purposefully designed for connection and collaboration.

Benefits described are Canadian specific, if youre located in another country our People team will speak with you about localized benefits for you.
We thank all applicants for your interest in Vidyard. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Unsolicited resumes from Agencies will not be accepted.
Vidyard is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to complete the application andor interview process should notify us at recruitmentvidyard.com.