Vimeo enables individuals and businesses to harness the power of video by making it simple to make, manage, and share videos. We support a wide variety of customer needs, from individual video creation up to complex Enterprise use cases. We are looking for a Senior Product Manager to join our Creator Experience team who is passionate about building experiences that help our users to do their work effectively and efficiently with video.
The right candidate will be excited to solve content management problems at scale, using customer feedback, data, and strategic-thinking. You will build solutions that help customers organize their content, efficiently work with content at scale, and experience faster, simpler workflows. This role will be responsible for defining the long-term roadmap for our library and video management solutions, partnering cross-functionally to implement that roadmap, and deeply understanding customer engagement to drive continuous improvement.
What youll do:

Go deep into understanding the problems and opportunities of current and prospective Vimeo users as it relates to how they use video in their work
Analyze quantitative and qualitative data to develop a long-term strategy for our content management products
Together with the cross-functional team of UX, Engineering, Product Marketing and QA, develop and deliver an impactful roadmap
Work collaboratively with other product teams to ensure consistent and cohesive user experience and cross-product alignment
Identify and prioritize competing initiatives while balancing the needs of all customer segments to drive business impact

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

4 years of Product Management experience. Prior experience working on workflow based tools andor a SaaS company that scales from Freemium to Enterprise is highly preferred
User-focused, with boundless curiosity about our users and what can make them successful
Experience launching end-to-end products
Analytically-minded and confident at making cases with data
Proficient in the levers of a SaaS business and understanding product metrics.
Aesthetic for great user experience. Appreciation of simple-yet-impactful design with relentless empathy for what matters most to our customers
Experience developing product specs and writing user stories

Targeted Base Salary Range: 122,400 - 187,000
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.
LI-MM1About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.