The Growth Monetization team is dedicated to helping customers find the perfect product offerings and offering assistance as they navigate their upgrade paths. They achieve this by leveraging advanced technology and innovative strategies to optimize revenue. Our teams primary focus is to enhance the user experience and drive revenue growth simultaneously. 
We are currently seeking a highly skilled Senior Software Engineer to join our dynamic team and play a pivotal role in shaping our monetization efforts. 
If youre passionate about creating impact at the intersection of technology and revenue growth, this is the opportunity for you.
What youll do:

Design, develop, and maintain robust backend systems, APIs, and services to power monetization strategies, with a focus on scalability, performance, and reliability
Work closely with our Design, Product, and Analytics teams to move projects from conception to launch
AB test new features, analyze their results, and release improvements iteratively
Write clean, well-tested, and performant library and product code for our frontend and backend platforms
Support and nurture the technical development of colleagues on the team.

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

Expert proficiency in using modern technologies and frameworks (React, Next, and Typescript)
Proficient in crafting systems with a focus on clarity, reusability, testability, and scalability
Minimum 5 years of experience in any backend technologies with at least 2 years in PHP development
An intimate knowledge of relational database systems (MySQL, PostgreSQL, and SQL Server) and data modeling techniques
Adept at creating comprehensive tests for intricate systems, ensuring ongoing and quantifiable stability
Skilled in fostering constructive and productive collaboration with technical and non-technical teams, demonstrating respect and effectiveness
Great planning skills, able to break down large projects into milestones and identify risks and dependencies

Targeted Base Salary Range:  127,800 to 196,000
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.
LI-HS1About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.