Vimeo is looking for an experienced Executive Assistant to support executives on our leadership team. The ideal candidate has experience working in fast-paced environments that require a high degree of professional integrity. Executive Assistants at Vimeo are intuitive and resourceful, and are fueled by organizational excellence and a love of perfecting the smallest detail. If you are an exceptional communicator and have a knack for building relationships quickly, this may be the role for you.
What youll do:

Coordinate internal and external meetings
Manage ever-changing calendars, including booking and managing conference rooms
Coordinate travel arrangements
Process expenses through Oracle, ensuring that they are compliant with company policy
Manage, organize, and safeguard confidential material, displaying the utmost level of discretion and ethical standards
Coordinate internal and external events, including team presentations, thought-leadership events, and off-site team trips
Partner with other internal Executive Assistants to ensure smooth day-to-day communication and organization

Skills  knowledge you should possess:

4 years experience providing administrative support to multiple executives
2 years experience coordinating travel logistics on behalf of multiple executives
2 years of calendar management and expense report management for multiple executives
High proficiency with Google Suite and MS Office
Expert at balancing competing priorities, with the ability to anticipate needs and stay one step ahead
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills and exceptional follow-through
Thoughtful about problem-solving and demonstrates mature judgement in difficult or complex situations
Trustworthy and treats all company matters with discretion
Comfortable with change

LI-OZ1
Targeted Base Salary Range:  67,500 to 103,500.
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.