Vimeo OTT is an industry-leading platform that lets content owners launch a Netflix-like video streaming service with ease. We power thousands of streaming services with millions of viewers using our apps on the web as well as native mobile and TV platforms.
Vimeo is looking for a Principal Product Manager to lead product for Vimeo OTT. You will be part of the Vimeo OTT leadership team, reporting into the GM Vimeo OTT and working closely with the OTT Engineering team. This is a unique role that requires someone capable of owning the businesss product strategy and roadmap who is also excited to be hands on and execute. The ideal candidate has experience working in OTT (SVOD, AVOD, TVOD). 
What youll do:

Own the short-term and long-term product strategy for Vimeo OTT
Build a product roadmap that leverages data to inform your decisions and prioritizes the most impactful opportunities
Work extremely closely with the Vimeo OTT Engineering team, as well as other Vimeo Product and Engineering teams
Collaborate with Vimeo OTT Sales and Solutions teams
Work cross functionally with Vimeo Finance, Business Intelligence, Marketing and Legal
Serve as a key member of the Vimeo OTT leadership team
Meet with larger OTT customers periodically
Stay up to date on industry trends and the competitive landscape

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

7 years of experience as a Product Manager, including at least 2 years experience at an OTT (SVOD, AVOD, TVOD) platform or service launching productsfeatures across multiple platforms (web, mobile, living room devices), simultaneously
Extremely empathetic with customers and internal partners e.g. Finance
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills
Super collaborative with others and believe in team-based approach to problem solving
Highly data oriented, with an eye for detail and organization
Strong communication skills and the ability to work effectively within the team as well as with partners throughout the organization
Ability to create polished, presentation-ready materials that could be shown across the company
While you dont need to be a pro coder, some level of proficiency would be ideal. At minimum, we are seeking enough technical expertise to seamlessly communicate with Engineers and have foresight into potential wins and hurdles for the team 

Targeted Base Salary Range:  142,200 to 216,500
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.
LI-MM1About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.