Vimeo is the worlds leading all-in-one video software solution. Our platform enables any professional, team, and organization to unlock the power of video to create, collaborate and communicate. We proudly serve our growing community of over 260 million users — from creatives to entrepreneurs to the worlds largest companies.
We are looking for a Senior Backend Developer to join our video creation backend team. We develop an AI-based platform for automatic video creation; we make video creation quick, easy and accessible to all! We are looking for a developer who loves challenges to develop the core and the infrastructure of our AI product.
It is a wide position involving developing end-to-end infrastructure for video creation, including services for transcoding, analyze, rendering and more.
About the role
As a Senior Back-end Developer, you will:

Build and maintain a high-performance  scalable platform
Develop elegant solutions using open-source tools
Proactively look for ways to make the system better

Requirements

At least 5 years of experience Developing API 
Extensive experience with web infrastructure and databases
Experience working with cloud platforms, preferably with AWS
Significant programming experience with Python - a must
Hands-on experience with Django web framework
Experience with K8S

LI-MB1About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.