As Vimeos UX Researcher, you will report to the Director of Research  Customer Insights and work with team members across the organization to successfully implement research initiatives that help develop deep customer empathy and understanding. Were looking for someone who has an appetite for creative problem solving, solution development, and streamlined processes. This candidate is also passionate about ensuring partners have a phenomenal experience working with Vimeos research user team.
You will be tasked with managing and conducting user research recruitment initiatives with current and prospective Vimeo users, ensuring key stakeholders throughout the company receive qualitative feedback on a consistent basis. Additionally, this role will maintain and improve the internal tools and software used by the Consumer Insights team. We are seeking candidates who are equally creative and analytical, and those who can assist in custom research analysis for all business units, including product, design, and marketing.
What youll do:

Work to streamline research operations across all research activities
Develop streamlined reporting and dashboards with various data sets, across insights teams and other functions in the organization.
Use both quantitative and qualitative feedback to measure and improve your designs
Lead study recruiting efforts
Lead programming and testing efforts across various survey instrumentstools.
Develop case studies that tell compelling stories about our customers and their experience using our products.
Find opportunities to streamline workflow processes across product teams.
Support efforts to continually innovate primary research data collection.
Partner with Vimeo Security team to ensure data privacy and security.
Assist in sharing detailed  real-time customer feedback with the organization in an effort to provide a better customer experience.
Support with day-to-day vendor management logistics, timelines, and budgets.

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

1-3 years of prior work experience. UX research experience working in the tech or digital worlds andor experience working in video product research is a plus
Experience using survey programming software such as Qualtrics Survey Monkey, Google Form, etc. Familiarity with UserTesting.com and SPSS a plus
Proficiency in Excel and G-Suite Slides, Keynote
Experience creating  sharing data visualizations that tell a clear story.
Comfortable working collaboratively and independently in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Strong project management and organizational skills, with experience running multiple projectsassignments simultaneously.
Persuasive written and verbal communication skills to influence business partners and senior leaders across the organization.
Ability to effectively communicate complex technical concepts to non-technical partners.
Excellent interpersonal qualities; ability to collaborate effectively using a broad range of influence styles to drive desired results; works well with others and is considered a true standout colleague.

Targeted Base Salary Range:  95,400 to 146,500
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.
LI-HS1About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.