Vimeos Viewer Experience Team is focused on creating engaging consumption experiences that push the boundaries of what viewers can do when watching video. This team is obsessed with our viewer journeys and is focused on developing engaging, collaborative, and fun experiences that convert viewers to Vimeo customers.  
As a Sr. Product Manager on the Viewer Experience team, you will lead product efforts to optimize viewing surfaces and engagement from end to end. You will work with various internal groups and end users to deeply understand user needs. Partnering with Engineering and Product Design, you will plan the roadmap and create elegant solutions. You will shape the future of one of the most important touch points on Vimeo.
What youll do:

Help develop a compelling product vision that is built on top of a deep, data-driven understanding of customer and business needs in the Viewing Experience space.
Roll up your sleeves, dig into the details, create requirements, and drive a steady cadence of improvements.
Manage the execution of initiatives from solution through launch - engaging all the right teams at Vimeo along the way.
Define metrics for success and failure and analyze and create dashboards for key metrics.
Work cross-functionally throughout the organization, partnering with engineering, data science, customer service, legal, and more.

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

4 years of experience in product management with a proven track record of successfully launching product solutions is required.
Experience with video products is required.
At least 1 year of experience delivering impactful SaaS products.
Quantitative analytical experience, including the ability to analyze hard data, draw conclusions, and develop recommendations.
Exceptional communication and presentation skills, with the ability to clearly articulate complex concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Proven self-starter with a bias for action, who can both execute and strategize, and who is comfortable with ambiguity.
Ability to work autonomously.

Bonus points (nice skills to have, but not needed):

Experience founding and growing a startup.
Experience working with distributed teams.

Targeted Base Salary Range:  122,400 to 187,000
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.