Vimeos Digital Media team is looking for a motivated, detailed oriented, action focused Sr. Manager of Paid Social. Primary responsibilities will include: creating the paid social global strategy that will support in achieving company goals. Develop full funnel campaigns that tell our product story through to performance campaigns driving bookings and pipeline. Drive the paid social infrastructure needed to manage campaigns. Drive creative and audience testing to improve engagement and ROI. Identify new social channels to test to continue to diversify our channel mix. Lead a team of two paid social media managers. 
What youll do:

Manage a full-funnel paid social campaign structure, testing, optimization, and strategy in alignment with company and campaign goals to drive product awareness, Trials, Direct Purchase, and MQLs
Coordinate with media planning and VP Digital Media on strategic planning, budgets, and efficiency targets.
Oversee daily, weekly, and monthly reporting and communication.
Collaborate with creative to implement creative best practices across channels.
Support new channel identification, evaluation, and testing to help diversify channel mix.
Stay on top of recent industry trends applicable to social channels and across the organization.
Develop, implement and manage all aspects of social media planning and buying - including strategy, target analysis, ad setup, content calendar, monitoring and reporting.
Identify audience targets and set clear objectives for paid social media campaigns in order to effectively hit goals within established budgets.
Contribute paid social strategies that support integrated campaigns.
Measure impact and effectiveness of campaigns using quantitative and qualitative metrics.
Act as the paid social media subject matter expert across LinkedIn, Facebook  Instagram Snapchat, Pinterest and TikTok.
Provide POVs on industry topics, best practices, or new paid social marketing opportunities.
Collaborate with Media Planner and campaign leads to brainstorm out-of-the box social media campaigns
Responsible for managing tracking and attribution for Paid Social and drive reporting needs and channel infrastructure needs

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

Must have strong Facebook Ads Manager proficiency, paid ads on LinkedIn,
Experience in running paid ads on Pinterest, Snapchat, Tiktok, and Reddit, is a plus
Strong understanding of digital marketing, performance marketing, and paid social.
Outstanding, professional communication skills and ability to build internal and external relationships.
Exceptional analytical skills including the ability to analyze data and develop data-based recommendations, including Tableau, Excel  Google Analytics fluency.
Must be comfortable and confident presenting in front of cross functional teams
Strong written and oral communication skills.
A positive attitude and enthusiasm for learning is a must.

Targeted Base Salary Range: 110,700.00 to 169,500.00
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base. Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.