Vimeo is looking for a talented individual to join our growing Financial Planning  Analysis team! We seek a revenue analytics leader to support our sales force-driven products (greater than one-third of our business and growing).  This individual will partner with our sales, go-to-market, product, and marketing teams to provide accurate, thoughtful and insightful financial, analytical, and operational support with an eye to assisting strong decision-making and business operations.  This is a highly visible role at Vimeo with meaningful interaction with our senior leadership team.  This individual will have an enormous opportunity to make an impact on the future and growth of Vimeo.
We are looking for candidates who have strong financial planning, modeling, and business support experience.
What youll do:

Act as the go to financial partner for Vimeos sales force-driven product teams (i.e., B2B Enterprise and OTT teams) to help shape critical business decisions
Partner with key stakeholders and sales leads across the business to establish weekly, monthly, and quarterly forecasts, annual budgets, and other planning in conjunction with planning cycle cadence
Be the source of insight and truth for all Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for Vimeos sales force-driven bookings and revenue including pipeline generation (MQL, PQL, SQL), win-rates, cohorted retention, AOV, ARR, NRR, and LTVCAC by segment, product, and region.  Partner with business leaders and business intelligence to define, measure, and improve performance of KPIs, SaaS metrics, and unit economics.
Collaborate with Revenue Operations, Business Intelligence, Marketing, and Sales Leadership to ensure real-time transparency to all stakeholders and partner on funnel and pipeline optimization strategies and sales force efficiency
Support sales force commissions plan development, forecasting, scenario-planning, and reconciliations
Lead the development, preparation, and presentation of both short- and long-range financial forecasts and budgets, including creating detailed financial, scenario-based models to evaluate investment priorities and potential alternatives.  Work with large data sets to analyze sales and operating performance.
Drive automation and efficiency through planning system enhancements, BI tools, and operational improvements
Assist with executive reporting and support including creating financial presentations for internal business reviews, board meetings, and earning preparation materials

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

BS in Finance, Economics or comparable discipline
3-5 years of work experience in Financial Planning  Analysis; experience within sales force-driven business or Enterprise SaaS organization is a must
Revenue planning experience is a must
Superior analytical and modeling skills; ability to summarize detailed analysesdata into executive-level presentations; build financial models from scratch
The ability to manage multiple concurrent projects and priorities and adhere to strict deadlines
The ability to work with unknowns, remain calm under pressure, move quickly, and translate multiple data sets into actionable recommendations
Strong attention to detail and focus on automation and process improvement to continually improve the efficiency, reach, and impact of our team
Advanced Excel skills and Salesforce experience required; knowledge of SQL and experience with Snowflake, Tableau, and Looker all a plus
A team player approach willing to assist in other FPA group projects and presentations (e.g., monthlyquarterly business reviews, investor presentations, earnings preparation)
Comfort working directly with senior executives; the ability to create and foster cross-departmental relationships across Vimeo
Working knowledge of GAAP accounting and financial principles

Targeted Base Salary Range:  105,300 to 175,000
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.
LI-MM1About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.