The Director, Global Revenue Operations is a critical member of the Revenue  Operations organization, reporting into the Head of Global Revenue Operations  Deal Desk. In this role you will be responsible for building, improving, and overseeing a portfolio of processes, tools, and services that contribute to Vimeos performance, competitiveness, and operational excellence.
You will be leading an effective Revenue Operations team that delivers the day to day operations and planning efforts related to our Sales Assisted organization. You will work cross functionally and with leadership to develop relevant insights to support business decisions. 
What youll do:

Support pipeline management and sales forecasting, ensuring high levels of quality and accuracy in planning efforts, including territory design and management
Conduct data audits and collaborate with the System Operations team to drive continuous improvement in business processes
Collaborate with marketing to optimize lead management processes, metrics, and policies
Implement and optimize tools and processes for the sales organization to enhance effectiveness, productivity, and efficiency
Identify opportunities for process automation and optimization, prioritizing scalability and growth
Identify inefficiencies and blind spots in tracking core sales metrics and KPIs, such as sales bookings, account profitability, opportunity analysis, sales velocity, rep productivity, and churn prevention
Drive requirements to build and maintain standardized reports and dashboards to provide sales leaders with visibility into their businesses and support executive-level reporting
Drive data quality, integrity, standardization, and controls to ensure accurate reporting of sales, commissions, billings, sales forecasting, and ARR
Document and ensure compliance with opportunity management and crediting rules for commissions
Own Sales Compensation policy and process. Assist in developing and maintaining the system for calculating commissions owed
Contribute to the development and execution of strategic partner and channel initiatives to track necessary metrics and evaluate performance
Own business requirements that optimize the sales stack (Salesforce, BI tools like Tableau, Outreach, Zoom) to maximize efficiency and performance

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

10 years of experience in salesrevenuefinance operations, preferably within high-growth technology or SaaS environments
Minimum 2 years of management experience
Automation through complex  advanced logic and modeling 
Organized  Detail Oriented: Ability to keep track and deliver on multiple deadlines and ongoing initiatives
Data Driven: Ability to analyze data and provide insightful actionable recommendations
Collaborative: Works well with cross functional stakeholders in a collaborative and feedback driven environment
Experience supporting enterprise sales organizations, customer success, marketing, etc. in a complex, ever changing organization
Lead generation and GTM strategy development experience with a focus on addressable market analysis is a plus
Knowledge of Salesforce CRM, ICM, SPM and Excel required
Ability to drive change across functional and business boundaries
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Self-motivated and able to handle multiple competing priorities

LI-OZ1
Targeted Base Salary Range: 142,200 to 216,500
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.