Vimeo is looking for an experienced Account Director to build and maintain relationships with our key clients. In this role, you will be responsible for a large portion of the companys revenue by renewing and growing existing enterprise accounts within our Vimeo Enterprise product line. Handling accounts with larger Annual Recurring Revenue (ARR), the Account Director will identify significant growth opportunities within their book of business. We value intelligence and resourcefulness, and are looking for someone who consistently strives to do their best work.
What youll do:

Oversee and manage a selection of Vimeos key, strategic enterprise accounts along with a CSM
Understand and anticipate clients business needs to drive the success of key accounts
Negotiate contract renewals and expansion opportunities
Strengthen client relationships with ongoing communication and new solutions
Proactively manage customer pipeline and renewals to meet monthly and quarterly objectives
Run in-person Quarterly Business Reviews with key accounts
Communicate with and present to C-level executives, confidently conveying Vimeos value proposition
Assist in collecting client feedback, defining processes, and identifying best practices

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

7 years of Account Management or Account-based Selling in the SaaS space
5 years of Online Video Platform (OVP) experience
Experience carrying a 5MM ARR book of business
Demonstrable and proven experience retaining and expanding accounts
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Ability to multi-task across multiple projects and internal stakeholders
Track record of exceeding quotas
Thorough working knowledge of sales tools, including Salesforce.com
Knowledge of live streaming technologies
About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.