We are looking for Self starter, motivated and extraordinary individuals with strong communication and interpersonal skills to join our Site Reliability Engineering team that supports the database infrastructure, as well as builds and runs a platform that delivers Vimeo product services to all of its customers around the world.
What youll do:

Gain a deep better understanding of Vimeo infrastructure and be capable of debugtroubleshoot any incidents involving any service.
Be a self-starter who is enthusiastic,  motivated, with exceptional interpersonal skills, positive and flexible approach towards problems
Create, build and innovate technical solutions
Build toolsservices that can handle infrastructure at scale with stress on security, telemetry and monitoring.
Be on-call for incident escalations and infrastructure task handling.
Cultivate strong relationships, communication and collaborate with peers and across teams.
Mentor associate team members and collaborate with them effectively.

Skills  knowledge you should possess:

B.TechMTech in Computer science or equivalent degree
Ability to code in PythonGoRubyPHP
Excellent communication skills.
Min. 5 years of experience.
Application troubleshooting skills, including system, network and database
Distributed web architecture experience
Linux platform management skill set
Thorough understanding of configuration management  build tools like puppet, chef, Ansible, jenkins etc.
Good understanding of virtualization and containers.
Experience with the cloud infrastructuretechnologies and validate which one fits best for our need be it AWS or Google Cloud 
Experience with algorithms, data structures, complexity analysis, and software design. 
Should have the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, tight deadline delivery timeline. As a part of this dynamic team, you will help us build the Vimeo experience on a global scale.
About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.