As an Account Executive for Vimeo, you will be responsible for selling the Vimeo Enterprise product line. In this quota-carrying role, you will convert prospects to paying customers by handling both inbound leads as well as outbound prospecting. As a Vimeo Account Executive you should have strong communication skills and a desire to help customers achieve their business goals. The ideal candidate is highly driven, persuasive and passionate!
We are seeking candidates that are bilingual in English and Japanese.
What youll do:

Exceed sales quota targets by selling Vimeos Enterprise offerings
Convey Vimeos unique value proposition to customers and handle objections Position solution against contending offerings in marketplace
Work directly with leading brands and media companies to help them tackle their online video needs
Maintain CRM data and pipeline within Salesforce.com
Actively handle leads pipeline and campaigns in order to meet goals and objectives Demonstrate Vimeo OTT and Livestream product capabilities to customers
Support the RFIRFP process by providing responses to business requirements

Skills and knowledge you possess:

3-6 years experience generating new SaaS sales
Hunter mentality with previous experience in prospectingcold calling into the Japanese market
Proven track record of consistently exceeding quotas
Fluency in written and spoken Japanese AND English
Proven sales foundation built through sales training and practical experience
Strong verbal and written communication, time management, organizational as well as presentation skills
Ability to multi-task across multiple projects and internal partners
Knowledge of online video technologies, live streaming, advertising, payment, analytics, and technology companies
Phenomenal teammate that will thrive in our fluid, fast-paced, dynamic, scaling environment
Highly motivated and driven by results
Ability to operate with a sense of urgency and values accountability
Passion for Vimeo and our creative community
About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.