Vimeos Growth Marketing team is looking for an Growth Marketing, Sr. Manager to spearhead initiatives that enhance Vimeos acquisition conversion funnel and improve the user acquisition experience. This role involves evaluating and improving the current user journey on Vimeo.com, collaborating closely with product and marketing teams, and conducting tests on various site elements. You will design and test conversion funnels optimized for different audience segments and collaborate with channel teams to direct traffic efficiently. The ideal candidate should have strong expertise in website analytics, a deep understanding of UX and CRO best practices, and the ability to design, conduct, and analyze AB tests.
What youll do: 
Website Optimization

Assess the current user journey, identifying friction points and opportunities for enhancement
Collaborate with the productprogram manager to implement necessary web changes
Conduct AB tests on landing pages, CTAs, and other site elements to improve performance

Conversion Funnel Design  Testing

Design conversion funnels tailored to both self-serve and enterprise visitors
Test and refine funnels based on user drop-off points and feedback
Collaborate with channel teams, specifically Paid Digital  SEO teams, to ensure traffic is directed efficiently through these funnels
Collaborate with engineering teams when necessary to execute on testing

Analysis  Reporting

Utilize analytics tools to track website performance, user behavior, and conversion rates
Regularly report on key metrics, test outcomes, and areas of improvement

Collaboration with Marketing Campaigns

Review and provide feedback on current marketing campaigns effectiveness
Recommend strategies for boosting conversions from various traffic sources

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

6-9 years in growth marketing or growth product management roles, preferably with SaaS experience
Expertise in CRO, including designing, implementing, and analyzing AB tests
Proficiency in using analytics tools like Google Analytics, Mixpanel, or Adobe Analytics to track user behavior and performance metrics
Experience with toolsets, including Google Tag Manager, Intellimize, Builder.io, Wordpress ideal
Experience working with engineers on technical scoping and specifications
Strong understanding of user-centered design principles and how they apply to creating optimal online experiences
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, with strong organizational and time-management skills
Ability to analyze complex problems and scenarios and provide workable solutions

Targeted Base Salary Range: 150,000.00 to 205,500.00
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base. Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.
LI-RS1About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.