Do you love playing with cloud infrastructure at scale? Leading and contributing to a team that builds and maintains infrastructure toolkits that hundreds of developers will use? Optimizing the last bit of performance and efficiency out of applications that get hundreds of thousands of requests per second? Maintaining large distributed databases? Are MTTA and MTTR things you strive to reduce at all times? Maybe you even feel a little bit guilty putting as much effort as you do into your work.
Dont fret  youve found your people. Come lead the Site Reliability Engineering team at Vimeo! Your job will be to lead some of the best SREs on the planet while getting your hands dirty with an application that is part of the infrastructure of the Internet: Vimeo.
What youll do:

Lead a team of 3-5 SREs that manage everything from infrastructure and operations to application optimization and design  everything from managing incident response to databases and CDNs and more.
Manage and develop a roadmap to enable other teams to accomplish their goals while delivering improvements in scalability, observability, reliability, and performance
Combine with your sibling SREs in India to create a high-performing global team that can execute with staggering speed and efficiency
Be a technical leader and develop world class software

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

At least eight years of professional experience in software development with high proficiency in at least one general purpose programming language (CC, Go, Java, Ruby, PHP, Python, etc.)
At least four years of experience managing teams and working in highly distributed global environments
Deep understanding of the architectural patterns of high-scalability distributed systems
Significant experience maintaining and optimizing Kubernetes deployments
Strong knowledge of Docker and Linux system internals
Significant experience with major cloud providers (Google Cloud, AWS)
Experience with Infrastructure as Code platforms such as Terraform

Bonus points (nice skills to have, but not needed):

CDN architecture and design experience, concentrating on video delivery
Knowledge of Argo CD, Hashicorp Vault, andor Atlantis
Experience with administering MySQL at scale, including schema and query optimization
Experience with generalized build systems (make, bazel, please, etc.) or language-specific build systems (SWC, Turborepo, etc.).

Targeted Base Salary Range:  180,900 to 276,000
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.
LI-JS1About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.