Vimeo is looking for a seasoned Director of Product Design to support our growing product organization in building world-class video products that delight our customers. You will help craft a clear vision and design strategy for how video creation, editing, and interaction tools come together to support the needs of the entire Vimeo platform. You will lead, mentor, and develop a distributed team of talented product designers who work across Vimeos robust suite of products.
The ideal candidate is a dynamic, influential team leader who possesses a well-rounded design background and has a strong visual point of view complimented by solid UX fundamentals. You will inspire your team to reimagine and redefine video creation, video editing, and how rich interactivity brings added business value to video content.
What youll do:

Oversee all facets of product design for your team (UX, UI, UXR) and maintain a consistently high bar of quality for their work
Guide your team and colleagues through all phases of the design process including: distilling data and research insights, leading group ideation sessions, conducting design reviews, and providing design support through final implementation
Simplify complex design problems and find opportunities to push the bounds of what is possible with video for creators, livestreamers, and viewers
Work closely with other functional leaders in product, engineering, and research to prioritize, plan, and track product initiatives and outcomes
Communicate progress and key updates with other teams, partners, and leadership on a regular basis
Foster highly collaborative working relationships between the design team and members of product, engineering, and brand teams to deliver a seamless, unified experience to our customers
Always be a vocal advocate for our customers and possess a strong understanding of how data and qualitative research inform building outstanding products
Be hands-on and capable of rolling up your sleeves to work with product and engineering teams to reimagine and redefine the evolving world of video
Lead, inspire, and develop a diverse team of product designers by raising the teams level of design, decision making, and collaboration skills

Skills and knowledge you should possess:

8 years of proven experience in designing and building user-facing digital products at scale
3 years of leading product design teams and managing multiple direct reports that span junior to lead level
Demonstrated history of driving impact through UX solutions to meet key company OKRs and business metrics
A hands-on leader with the ability to take ownership and work autonomously in leading multiple work streams and design initiatives
A track record of championing whats best for the user while balancing the needs of the business
Excellent communication skills and ability to articulate a design vision to any audience within the organization
Proven track record of delivering products to market and iterating on those products over time to ensure success 
Portfolio or case study samples that showcase the products youve delivered to market, as well as the design processes that led to their launch

Bonus points (nice skills to have, but not needed):

Experience working with remote or distributed product teams
Experience with machine learning  AI technology

Targeted Base Salary Range:  163,800 to 251,000
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.
LI-MM1About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.