We are looking for an experienced and passionate manager who can drive complex cross-team programs in an agile way, and continuously improve the ways Vimeo gets things done.  You will be working closely with Product, Engineering, GTM, BI teams, but also interacting and building relationships with other Vimeo departments.  Vimeo enables individuals and businesses to harness the power of video with state-of-the-art video creation and editing solutions, including AI-powered tools such as script generators and text-based video editing. This role will focus on various web and mobile programs, targeting the creators experience on vimeo, monetization and conversion initiatives. 
What you will do:

Facilitate planning, execution and visibility for initiatives (and their expected product outcomes) spanning multiple product and  engineering and non-engineering teams; be responsible for artifacts reflecting plans, progress, issues and risks.
Facilitate collaboration between teams, understand the system level dependencies;  ensure cross-team dependencies are identified and acted on, mitigate delivery risks
Facilitate the adoption of Product and Engineering outcome based delivery process; contribute to improving Vimeo process
Improve prioritizationalignment across the organization, create forums for more effective prioritization and execution
Based on teams capacity, perform better expectations management on what is not going to get done
Help teams improve their internal operation; and ways of working with other teams
Help teams and stakeholders understand empirical and iterative product development
Actively support and encourage continuous improvement culture

Skills and knowledge you should possess: 

5 Years working in a capacity of Program Manager, (with experience in Agile Roles as Scrum Master, Product Owner or Coach)
Worked closely with multiple engineering and non-engineering teams on a couple of  parallel projects simultaneously to facilitate planning and product execution, work decomposition.
Tailored cross-team processes depending on unique needs, resulting in an effective delivery
Ran cross-team retrospectives and rolled out agreed upon changes, successfully built the new habits 
Defined valuable process metrics, and associated data collection 
Configured and managed Jira workflows, team boards, built information radiators in the Atlassian suite (or comparable).
Demonstrated strong presentation and communication skills
Deep understanding of Agile and Lean values and principles 
Flexible and open minded with a positive attitude; servant leader that easily builds trust with various groups 

Targeted Base Salary Range:  110,700 to 169,500
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.
LI-HS1About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.