As the Sr. Partner  Operations Manager, you will be a key member of the Business Development team to manage and grow relationships with Vimeos partners. We are continuing to grow our partner ecosystem of integrations with the largest B2B SaaS, marketing, social and other technology platforms.  We are hiring an experienced partnership professional to manage our partnership relationships and also serve as the lead for partner operations.
What Youll Do:

Serve as the primary point of contact for new and existing partners, such as Meta, Asana, Hubspot and Wix
Act as a liaison between partners and Vimeos relevant teams, including finance, business development, product, product marketing, marketing, sales and sales engineering
Collaborate with internal stakeholders to enhance partner performance  brainstorm optimizations of implementations and best practices
Grow partner relationships via the optimization of existing integrations and addition of new integrations
Collaborate with marketing and product marketing to effectively promote and increase the usage of existing  integrations to improve and enhance the Vimeos user experience
Ensure that adequate tracking and reporting mechanisms are in place to measure the effectiveness and provide required reporting for live partnerships
Build and strengthen partner relationships with ongoing status meetings 
Communicate upcoming product changes to partners
Work hand in hand  with the business development team on new and  expansion opportunities

Skills  Knowledge You Should Possess:

7 years experience working with strategic partners in a Partner Manager, Account Manager, Business Development or partner operations role in the technology space, preferably with experience with a SaaS business model
Experience playing a key role in building andor maintaining a partner ecosystem is preferred
Experience working with product and engineering teams
A collaborative team player, with the ability to effectively manage multiple competing priorities
A problem-solving, operational work style that is collaborative, positive and consultative
Ability to identify, prioritize, and escalate issues appropriately
Strong verbal and written communication
Experience working with varying partners, both internal and external, and strong client management skills
Comfort working in a fluid, fast-paced environment, and the ability to bring process and structure to a new function at Vimeo 
Highly motivated self-starter. Operates with a sense of urgency and values accountability
Bachelors degree

Targeted Base Salary Range:  142,200 - 216,500
The base salary range listed above is for candidates located in the U.S., including the New York City metro area.
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.