If youre interested in joining the Sales or Account Management teams at Vimeo, please send us your resume and well keep your information on file. If a role becomes available and you meet the requirements, someone from our team will reach out!
WHAT YOULL DO:
Our Sales  Account Management Teams grow our global reach by bringing Vimeo to companies around the world. These are the teams that identify and evaluate an opportunitys potential to create long term value. Every day, they work to generate leads by networking and building relationships with potential customersorganizations, explaining the Vimeo platform and how it can align with with their business objectives. They wear multiple hats including Strategy, Sales and Relationship Management and are passionate about negotiating deals and seeing them through to the finish line!
At Vimeo, we strive to hire and nurture amazing talent across the globe. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to experience, specialized skills, internal alignment and a candidates home base.
Base salary is just one component of Vimeos total rewards philosophy. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that appeal to the variety of needs across our diverse employee base! Other rewards may include bonus or commission, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), paid time off, generous 401k match, wellbeing resources, and more.About Us:
Vimeo (NASDAQ:VMEO) is the worlds most innovative video experience platform. We enable anyone to create high-quality video experiences to connect better and bring ideas to life. We proudly serve our growing community of nearly 300 million users — from creative storytellers to globally distributed teams at the worlds largest companies. Learn more at www.vimeo.com.
Vimeo is headquartered in New York City with offices around the world. At Vimeo, we believe our impact is greatest when our workforce of passionate, dedicated people, represents our diverse and global community. Were proud to be an equal opportunity employer where diversity, equity, and inclusion is championed in how we build our products, develop our leaders, and strengthen our culture.