 
Virtu is an industry-leading financial technology firm that operates both proprietary trading and client-facing businesses in the global financial marketplace. Our cutting edge, proprietary technology is core to everything we do. We trade in over 35 countries, across 235 financial exchanges and over 25 of retail order flow in the US. is serviced by Virtu. 
 
Our team is a dedicated group of traders, quants and developers that are inspired by the unique and exciting challenges we solve every day. Our culture combines the creativity of a fast paced start up, with the stability of a disciplined financial services firm. We are a flat organization and encourage our people to innovate and lean on their teammates for support and collaboration. We have fun, work hard and strive to be virtuous in all we do. 

THE ROLE
Our Trading Operations team is looking to hire an Operations Analyst Intern to support the logistics, mechanics and back office workflows that are the foundation of trading at our firm. This team is responsible for managing the clearance, settlement, and reconciliation of all trades and positions on behalf of trade desks for the firm. In this role, youll collaborate closely with traders, finance, compliance, brokers, custodians, and firm customers to ensure timely settlement of trades, accuracy of books and records, and avoidance of unanticipated risk to both the firm and its customers. 

Location: Austin
Dates: 10 week program, starting June 10th 2024 - August 16th 2024 (with some flexibility if needed).
Training: Ongoing training throughout the summer
Projects: Real problems to solve throughout the program. Interns will work from a list of projects and have several senior mentors throughout the summer program.

We look for candidates with a strong technical foundation, as you will also have the opportunity to work closely with software engineers to further automate and enhance robustness of the firms operations workflows. Operations Analysts not only become experts in the logistics and mechanics of trade clearance and settlement, but they also play a crucial role in the ability of the firm to conduct trading efficiently and safely, perform challenging and stimulating data analysis, and participate in the architecture of new systems and controls.
No finance experience is necessary. We look for motivated, detail oriented candidates with a solid technical foundation and who have a drive toward process improvement. 
THE CANDIDATE

Bachelors degree in a quantitative field preferred (Business, Finance, and Economics academic backgrounds preferred)
Strong experience with SQL and Python required
Outstanding quantitative problemsolving skills
The ability to communicate information precisely and with agility to parties, both internal and external
A team player with a good attitude and flexibility in their time commitment to the job
Highly motivated and tenacious individual, with a proven ability to take initiative and work independently and within a team environment

THE PROCESS
After passing an application screening, candidates will be sent an online programming test via email from a service called Codility. This is to gain an understanding of the candidates coding ability.




Virtu Financial is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace, welcoming you for who you are and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.


