Virtu is an industry-leading financial technology firm that operates both proprietary trading and client-facing businesses in the global financial marketplace. Our cutting edge, proprietary technology is core to everything we do. We trade in over 35 countries, across 235 financial exchanges and over 25 of retail order flow in the US. is serviced by Virtu.
Our team is a dedicated group of traders, quants and developers that are inspired by the unique and exciting challenges we solve every day. Our culture combines the creativity of a fast paced start up, with the stability of a disciplined financial services firm. We are a flat organization and encourage our people to innovate and lean on their teammates for support and collaboration. We have fun, work hard and strive to be virtuous in all we do.

Winternship
In January 2024, we will host our first Womens Winternship in Singapore. This is an exciting programme that offers women an opportunity to learn about our firm, the basics of trading and a view of what Virtu does in the global financial marketplace. You will also get insight into a career in financial services through engaging panels and networking events with top female talent at Virtu, as well as insight into the different roles that exist within our firm.

One week programme, from 8th to 12th January 2024, which will be hosted in our Singapore office
Each day will be a combination of lectures, and fun programming challenges and activities
Engaging social events to get to know our team and culture
A final group contest

REQUIREMENTS

Exceptional female talent at the undergraduate in their second year (first years may also be considered)
Excellent academic background (all subjects welcome)
Outstanding quantitative problemsolving skills and mathematical aptitude
Some programming experience is preferred but NOT required   
Highly motivated and tenacious individual, with a proven ability to take initiative and work independently and within a team
Team player: authentic, genuine person who is capable of working collective goals
Interest in a career in financial services

THE PROCESS
After applicants pass an initial resume screening, an online programming andor aptitude test may be sent via email. After which, we will contact you to arrange a phone screen.
We looking forward to meeting you! 
 
Virtu Financial is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace, welcoming you for who you are and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
 