Virtu is a leading financial firm that leverages cutting edge technology to deliver liquidity to the global markets and innovative, transparent trading solutions to our clients. As a market maker, Virtu provides deep liquidity that helps to create more efficient markets around the world. Our market structure expertise, broad diversification, and execution technology enables us to provide competitive bids and offers in over 19,000 securities, at over 235 venues, in 36 countries worldwide.
THE ROLE
Our trading platform runs on high performance servers distributed across datacenters and offices throughout the world. These servers are highly automated and finely tuned to meet the growing demands of our business. Our Systems Engineers are responsible for designing, building, and supporting these servers, working with engineers across our global groups to ensure that our trading platform remains the best in the business.
We are looking to fill this role in our New York or Austin offices.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Analyze, diagnose, and resolve Linux based server issues.
Create, test, deploy, and maintain packages, batch files, and scripts for the OS environment.
Identify opportunities for optimization to reduce latency and increase efficiency.
Manage move, add, and change requests and configuration as needed.
Liaise with internal technology groups and vendors as necessary to deliver optimum solutions.
Assist in developing long-term infrastructure strategies and capacity planning to meet future platform infrastructure needs.

THE CANDIDATE

Background in LinuxUnix administration up to 10 years.
Kernel tuning experience.
Strong understanding of networking protocols and network topology (NFS, DHCP, IP, TCP, UDP, TFTP and NTP).
Knowledge of Kickstart, Ansible, Yum, Git, SVN.
Strong scripting ability (Bash, Python etc.).
Experience with BIOS configuration.
Analytical, innovative, problem solving and strategic thinker.
Self-motivated and proactive; strong organizational and time management skills.
Must have high tolerance for continually shifting priorities.
Ability to manage multiple projects and coordinate work with various teams and vendors in addition to daily production support activities.

WHY VIRTU

The opportunity to make an impact in a highly visible role within the firm
A great place for upward and geographic mobility
Direct exposure to the decision makers and senior leaders on the business side
A company thats investing a sizable amount in its technology department
Teams that are passionate about continually learning, improving, and raising the bar
A community that values hard work as well as work-life balance

After passing an initial resume screening, candidates will be sent an online system administration test. We look forward to meeting you.
 
Virtu Financial is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace, welcoming you for who you are and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.