Company Background 
Virtu Financial is a leading global investment firm that leverages cutting edge technology to deliver liquidity to the global markets and innovative, transparent trading solutions to our clients. In Ireland, Virtu ITG Europe Limited (VIEL) is looking to hire a Head of Compliance. As the Head of Compliance you will be responsible for regulatory oversight of VIELs institutional agency equity business, its trading venue POSIT MTF and ancillary software and analytical services and products. 
Responsibilities 

Management of VIELs compliance and regulatory responsibilities for MIFID activities including institutional agency brokerage and POSIT MTF.
Responsible for liaising with regulators, exchanges and policymakers on regulatory matters.
Responsible for developing, implementing and maintaining a compliance programme designed to support and monitor compliance and work with the business in a consultative business-partner capacity.
Assisting with compliance oversight for Virtus other EU entities, Virtu Financial Ireland Limited  a CBI regulated market maker, and Virtu ITG UK Limited  Virtus Brexit-ready FCA regulated MTF.
Responsible for planning and overseeing the delivery of the annual compliance programme  identifying compliance risks, assessing and testing related controls and introducing revised procedures as required.
Stakeholder communication management  liaising with Irish boards, local and US Management Teams to raise awareness of compliance risks and the actions taken to mitigate and manage same.
Interpretation of new regulatory requirements, identify relevant compliance requirements and work with the business to ensure that appropriate procedures and controls exist to address these requirements.
Assist in typical day-to-day compliance tasks including compliance monitoring and periodic compliance reviews, Regulatory reporting to EU regulators, managing the Compliance risk management framework, managing the internal audit process, etc.

 Experience  Qualifications 

Formal qualifications relating to financial services compliance andor qualifications relevant to the compliance role are desirable (e.g. ACOI, Diploma in Financial Services Law, ACA, solicitor, etc.).
Minimum of 5 years relevant regulationcompliance experience in MiFID investment firms (e.g. capital markets, stockbroking, trading venue).
Previous CBI registration as a PCF holder or similar is required.
Detailed Knowledge Irish EU legislation relevant to the firm i.e. MIFIRMIFIDII, MAR, AMLCFT, CRRIFR, etc.
Experience of interacting with key stakeholders i.e. senior management, boards, and regulators.
Ability to work on own initiative.
