Virtu Financial is an industry-leading financial technology firm that operates both proprietary trading and client-facing businesses in the global financial marketplace. 
Our unique culture combines the creativity of a fast paced start up, with the stability of a disciplined financial services firm. We have fun, work hard and strive to be virtuous in all we do. 
Virtu Execution Services (VES) comprises of the firms client-facing business encompassing, Brokerage, Analytics and Workflow technology.
Roles in VES offer the opportunity to:

Become a multi-faceted Financial Services professional in roles broadly spanning Sales,Trading, Electronic Coverage ,Algo Development and Technology Support
Receive an in-depth education on global financial markets and the spectrum of Virtus products and services- combining technology with business needs
Effectively leverage technical abilities with people-skills; joining a global team engaging with a wide range of vendors and institutional and retail clients


Location: London, United Kingdom (onsite) for openings in London  Dublin
Dates: 10 week program, starting 24 June 2024 - 30 August 2024

Qualifications

Bachelors degree
Team player with a positive attitude
Passion for financial markets
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Highly motivated and tenacious individual
Programming skillswillingness to learn (for certain roles)

YOURE JUST RIGHT FOR VIRTU IF YOU WANT

To work in a organizationally flat structure with an entrepreneurial environment.
Be part of a single team of professionals committed to excellence, passionate about continually learning, improving and raising the bar
A firm committed to create an inclusive, equitable, and supportive environment to individuals from all backgrounds
A community that values hard work as well as work-life balance and provides comprehensive benefits.
An open environment to explore and implement new ideas, and take ownership of team initiatives from the start

THE SELECTION PROCESS
After applicants pass an initial resume screening, select applicants will receive an online aptitude test and may also receive a programming skills test. These will be sent from a third-party evaluation service via email. Please be sure to monitor your email inbox. Following that, successful candidates will be contacted for interviews. 
Closing Date: Friday 1st December 2023

Virtu Financial is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace, welcoming you for who you are and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.