Virtu is an industry-leading financial technology firm that operates both proprietary trading and client-facing businesses in the global financial marketplace. Our cutting edge, proprietary technology is core to everything we do. We trade in over 35 countries, across 235 financial exchanges and over 25 of retail order flow in the US is serviced by Virtu.
Our team is a dedicated group of traders, quants and developers that are inspired by the unique and exciting challenges we solve every day. Our culture combines the creativity of a fast paced start up with the stability of a disciplined financial services firm. We are a flat organisation and encourage our people to innovate and lean on their teammates for support and collaboration. We have fun, work hard and strive to be virtuous in all we do.

Quant Trading Internship
Virtus internship programme offers students an extraordinary opportunity to learn about the firm and the worlds financial markets. We have built a thoughtful and challenging curriculum with projects that introduce students to the many complex and ever-changing problems to solve. Students can expect a company-curated global training week for our interns, real trading and quantitative problems to solve throughout the programme, and engaging social events to get to know our team and culture. 

Location: Dublin, Ireland (onsite)
Dates: 10 week programme, starting 24 June 2024 -  30 August 2024
Training: Ongoing training throughout the summer
Projects: Real problems to solve throughout the programme. Interns will work from a list of projects and have several senior mentors throughout the programme.

Our Quantitative Traders are responsible for the design, operation, and improvement of highperformance algorithmic trading strategies deployed on electronic trading venues around the world. They work to improve Virtus trading algorithms through transforming large data sets into usable trading models. They work closely with our quants and software engineers to enhance and further develop the firms trading strategies. Quantitative Traders become experts in Virtus trading technology and its interaction with the market.
As a Quantitative Trading Intern, youll work alongside Virtus senior traders on a variety of exciting and challenging projects that introduce you to all the intricacies of market making. You will know our trading strategies used in Virtus customer market-making business. Interns in this track will apply their quantitative analysis and research skills to discover patterns that can potentially improve our trading algorithms. Weve designed the internship to be very hands-on; interns will spend most of their time solving trading problems as they occur in the markets and working from a menu of projects with the team. Projects can come from a variety of different trading desks such as Foreign Exchange, Fixed Income, Options, ETFs, Energy and more. This is a great opportunity for the right candidate to kick start a career in the financial technology space.
Requirements
Virtu is looking for top performers. Whether youre a coding whiz or a master of Shakespeare, we would like to meet you!

Excellent academic background (all subjects welcome)
Outstanding quantitative problemsolving skills and mathematical aptitude
Some programming experience is required (Python, SQL, Java or C are a plus)
A physicalizer; a person who identifies issues and creates solutions without rigid direction or fanfare
Highly motivated and tenacious individual, with a proven ability to take initiative and work independently and within a team
Team player: authentic, genuine person who is capable of working collective goals.

THE PROCESS
After applicants pass an initial resume screening, an online programming test will be sent via email. This test is from a service called Codility so please be on the lookout. After passing the programming test, we will contact you to arrange a phone screen. We looking forward to meeting you!
Closing Date: Friday 8th December
 

Virtu Financial is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace, welcoming you for who you are and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.