Virtu is a leading financial firm that leverages cutting edge technology to deliver liquidity to the global markets and innovative, transparent trading solutions to our clients. As a market maker, Virtu provides deep liquidity that helps to create more efficient markets around the world. Our market structure expertise, broad diversification, and execution technology enables us to provide competitive bids and offers in over 19,000 securities, at over 235 venues, in 36 countries worldwide 
THE ROLE
Our Quantitative Traders are responsible for the design, operation, and improvement of highperformance algorithmic trading strategies deployed on electronic trading venues around the world. During an intensive period of mentorship and training in trade floor operations, Quantitative Traders learn the intricacies of each step of the trade flow process, eventually integrating into strategy deployment and operation.
This team also has the opportunity to work closely with software engineers to enhance and further develop the firms trading strategies. Quantitative Traders not only become experts in trading technology and its interaction with the market, but they also play a crucial role in the evolution of market micro structure and the driving forces behind liquidity. This is a great opportunity for the right candidate to kick start a career in the financial technology space.
 
THE CANDIDATE 

Excellent academic background. All majors welcome but hard sciences preferred (computer science, math, physics, statistics and related fields).
Outstanding quantitative problemsolving skills and mathematical aptitude.
Programming experience is required  (Python, SQL, Java or C are a plus). 
The ability to communicate information precisely and with agility.
A physicalizer; a person who identifies issues and creates solutions without rigid direction or fanfare
Highly motivated and tenacious individual, with a proven ability to take initiative and work independently and within a team
Team player: authentic, genuine person who is capable of working collective goals.
No finance background is necessary.


THE PROCESS
After passing an application screening, candidates will be sent an online programming test via email from a service called Codility as a first step of the process. 
 

Virtu Financial is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace, welcoming you for who you are and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.