Virtu is an industry-leading financial technology firm that operates both proprietary trading and client-facing businesses in the global financial marketplace. Our cutting edge, proprietary technology is core to everything we do. We trade in over 35 countries, across 235 financial exchanges and over 25 of retail order flow in the US. is serviced by Virtu. 
 
Our team is a dedicated group of traders, quants and developers that are inspired by the unique and exciting challenges we solve every day. Our culture combines the creativity of a fast paced start up, with the stability of a disciplined financial services firm. We are a flat organization and encourage our people to innovate and lean on their teammates for support and collaboration. We have fun, work hard and strive to be virtuous in all we do. 

Core Operations Engineer Internship (Singapore) 


Virtus internship program offers students an extraordinary opportunity to learn about the firm and the worlds financial markets. We have built a thoughtful and challenging curriculum that introduces students to all aspects of Virtus business through a company-curated global training week, real world development projects to complete and engaging social events to get to know our team and culture.
Location: SingaporeDates: 10 week program, starting June 10th 2024 through August 16th 2024 (with some flexibility if needed).Training: Ongoing training throughout the summer and a training week held in Singapore for all interns. Projects: Real problems to solve throughout the program. Interns will work from a list of projects and have several senior mentors throughout the summer program.
Our Site ReliabilityCore Operations Engineers operate at a high-level in a Linux environment to solve complex technical problems and work with traders and exchanges to understand market micro-structure. A strong interest in technology and the markets is a must. This is a unique internship opportunity to become an integral part of a fast-paced electronic trading environment. 
As an intern, you will complete a variety of challenging Core Operations projects. Youll work alongside our senior team in managing the deployment, maintenance, and enhancement of a sophisticated electronic trading system operating on hundreds of venues around the world. This is a rare opportunity for students to learn first hand about our external trading connections, counter party support to risk management and system triageoptimization. 
REQUIREMENTS

Excellent working knowledge of Linux environments
Competence in at least one programming language  preferably Python  Bash  Perl  Go or similar.
Ability to be cool under pressure and at ease in high-stress, time-sensitive environments
Interest in high transaction environments andor low-latency systems.
Excellent communication skills
Strong academic record
Technical agility; interest in innovative technologies




DESIRED BUT NOT REQUIRED:

Working with financial systems or knowledge of the global financial market place
Experience with SQL  
Experience with configuration management platforms (i.e. Ansible, Puppet or Salt)  
Knowledge of networking, both TCP and UDP  

 

THE PROCESS
After applicants pass an initial resume screening, an online programming test will be sent via email. This test is from a service called Codility so please be on the lookout. After passing the programming test, we will contact you to arrange a phone screen. We looking forward to meeting you!
 
 
 
 


Virtu Financial is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace, welcoming you for who you are and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.


