Virtu is an industry-leading financial technology firm that operates both proprietary trading and client-facing businesses in the global financial marketplace. Our cutting edge, proprietary technology is core to everything we do. We trade in over 35 countries, across 235 financial exchanges and over 25 of retail order flow in the US. is serviced by Virtu.
Our team is a dedicated group of traders, quants and developers that are inspired by the unique and exciting challenges we solve every day. Our culture combines the creativity of a fast paced start up, with the stability of a disciplined financial services firm. We are a flat organization and encourage our people to innovate and lean on their teammates for support and collaboration. We have fun, work hard and strive to be virtuous in all we do.
 
Quantitative Trading Internship (Singapore)
Virtus internship program offers students an extraordinary opportunity to learn about the firm and the worlds financial markets. We have built a thoughtful and challenging curriculum that introduces students to all aspects of Virtus business through a company-curated global training week, real world trading problems to solve and engaging social events to get to know our team and culture. 
Location: SingaporeDates: 10 week program, starting June 10th 2024 through August 16th 2024 (with some flexibility if needed).Training: Ongoing training throughout the summer and a training week held in Singapore for all interns. Projects: Real problems to solve throughout the program. Interns will work from a list of projects and have several senior mentors throughout the summer program.
 
Our Quantitative Traders are responsible for the design, operation, and improvement of highperformance algorithmic trading strategies deployed on electronic trading venues around the world. They work closely with our quants and software engineers to enhance and further develop the firms trading strategies. Quantitative Traders become experts in Virtus trading technology and its interaction with the market.
As a Quantitative Trading Intern, youll work alongside Virtus senior traders on a variety of exciting and challenging projects that introduce you to all the intricacies of market making. Weve designed the internship to be very hands-on; interns will spend most of their time solving trading problems as they occur in the markets and working from a menu of projects with the team. Projects can come from a variety of different trading desks such as Foreign Exchange, Fixed Income, Options, ETFs, Energy and more. This is a great opportunity for the right candidate to kick start a career in the financial technology space.
 
REQUIREMENTS
Virtu is looking for top performers. Whether youre a coding whiz or a master of Shakespeare, we would like to meet you!

Excellent academic background (all majors welcome)
Outstanding quantitative problemsolving skills and mathematical aptitude
Some programming experience is required (Python, SQL, Java or C are a plus)
A physicalizer; a person who identifies issues and creates solutions without rigid direction or fanfare
Highly motivated and tenacious individual, with a proven ability to take initiative and work independently and within a team
Team player: authentic, genuine person who is capable of working collective goals.

 
THE PROCESS
After applicants pass an initial resume screening, an online programming test may be sent to you via email. This test is from a site called Codility so please be on the lookout. After completing the programming test, we will follow up on next steps. Were looking forward to meeting you!
 
Virtu Financial is an equal opportunity employer, committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace, welcoming you for who you are and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.