Vise is seeking to build a go-to-market (GTM) team of highly intelligent, solution-oriented, and consultative professionals. This team will be instrumental in driving the growth and expansion of our AI-powered asset management platform by understanding customer needs, identifying opportunities, and delivering tailored solutions that cater to financial advisors and their clients. This small team of professionals will focus on larger accounts and RIAs over 500M in AUM. 
We are looking for individuals with exceptional problem-solving skills, a deep understanding of the financial advisory landscape, and a strong background in consultative selling. The ideal candidate will be able to establish and maintain lasting relationships with clients, effectively communicate the value of Vises innovative offerings, and contribute to the overall success of our GTM strategy.  Additionally, candidates should have the ability to thoroughly understand customer problems, develop compelling case studies, and handle objections with confidence. We are seeking resourceful individuals who can contribute to building a fresh GTM strategy from scratch rather than relying on pre-existing playbooks. By combining their skills, knowledge, and creativity, our GTM team members will play a crucial role in shaping the future of Vises market presence and customer success.
Vise is seeking an experienced and highly motivated Senior Director of Wealth to join our growing team. The ideal candidate will be responsible for building and maintaining end-to-end client relationships with Financial Advisors. You will use your expertise in consultative, solution-based selling to understand client needs and deliver tailored solutions.
What you will own 

Develop and maintain relationships with Financial Advisors through consultative, solution-based selling
Drive new client acquisition and manage and grow existing client relationships
Cross-functional collaboration with Investment Strategy, Client Service and Product teams to evolve and improve our product offering. 
Identify and qualify opportunities with new customers and continue to deepen relationships with existing customers through gathering assets 
Partner with Finance to manage and forecast pipeline accurately
Create and deliver high-quality materials and presentations
Handle client objections effectively 
Maintain a deep understanding of market trends and competition

What you bring on day one

Minimum of 5-10  years of experience in a client-facing role in wealthasset management or consulting
Demonstrated success in building and growing new client relationships 
Deep knowledge of investment products (SMAsUMAs), factor based investing, and the competitive landscape of both traditional and tech forward investment offerings.
Strong understanding of RIAs, their business needs and pain points, as well as the needs of their clients
Familiarity with the technology used by RIAs, including TAMPs, UMA platforms, and custodians
Excellent communication and presentation skills

Personal Qualities:

Ability to problem solve  driving opportunities entirely self-sufficiently 
Low ego, resourceful, and empathetic
Optimistic and deeply curious
Empathetic, active listener 
Seeks out and is motivated by challenge 
Strong work ethic with a direct, self-assured and team-first mentality

If you are a highly motivated, experienced, and talented individual with a passion for transforming the wealth management industry, we would love to hear from you. Apply now to join the Vise team and help us create a better future for financial advisors and their clients.
Through the internal and market data Vise has collected, we expect the salary range for this position to be 180,000 - 225,000 per year, plus commissions and a competitive equity package. Your actual compensation will be determined based on your skills, qualifications, and experience. In addition, Vise offers a wide range of comprehensive and inclusive employee benefits. 
About Us:
Vise is an artificial intelligence (AI) powered asset management platform designed specifically for financial advisors to build, manage and explain personalized portfolios. In todays world, AI is driving personalization across various industries, enhancing the way we shop, consume content, and engage with technology. Embracing this trend, Vise is leading the charge to bring this level of personalization to how we invest. Vise ushers in Wealth 3.0, moving beyond mutual funds and ETFs to offer personalized and automated portfolios. By harnessing the power of AI, Vise enables financial advisors to create tailored investment strategies that cater to each clients unique financial needs and goals.
Financial advisors are at the heart of this transformation, as their relationships with clients are essential to understanding and meeting each clients unique financial needs. With Vise, advisors can focus on nurturing these relationships instead of spending time building and managing portfolios. Our platform empowers advisors to create institutional-grade, personalized portfolios, automate their management, and explain valuable insights that enhance their expertise and service to clients. Vise is the outsourced sub-advisor, doing trading, rebalancing, and managing client portfolios fully automated on the advisors behalf; Vise charges an AUM fee for its services. 
Our exceptional New York team comprises world-class Ph.D. quants, investment researchers, and engineers with experience at industry-leading firms like Citadel, Blackrock, Stripe, and Stanford. Combining top financial and engineering talent, we pride ourselves on delivering products faster and understanding our customers needs better than anyone else in the market. Vise has garnered the support of prominent venture capital firms, raising over 130M from Sequoia Capital and Founders Fund, among others.
Vise celebrates and embraces diversity and is committed to building a team that represents a variety of experiences, backgrounds, and skills. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.