 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role
The Communications team at Whatnot works across all areas of the business in both a proactive and reactive capacity and helps to shape and protect external and internal perceptions of Whatnot. Were hiring for an experienced Senior Manager of Public Relations to lead our storytelling across a range of corporate, Trust  Safety and policy-related priorities. 
As Senior Manager, Public Relations, you will be responsible for developing and leading our corporate communications strategy, including building trust in our platform as it relates to our policies around user safety, data privacy, and more. Youll be an integral part of the team in building Whatnots brand and reputation, including media relations, crisis communications and external communication:

Own Media Relations to Advance Brand Narrative: Build and leverage exceptional relationships with media and other third parties to educate key audiences on Whatnots business, policies and values. Develop external communications materials for press, including key messaging, statements, blog posts, press releases, talking points, fact sheets and more. 
Build and Scale Issues Management: Manage company response for crisis and navigate high-profile escalations in real-time with key stakeholders. Establish and own a communications playbook for strategic and rapid response best practices.
Provide Strategic Corporate Comms Council and Planning: Work closely with company leaders to plan, develop and execute communications plans that advance our corporate narrative or support initiatives related to safety, privacy, Legal, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI), sustainability and other corporate HR matters. Synthesize research, media and industry insights to identify areas of risk and opportunities to support larger business goals.

 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.
As our Senior Manager, Public Relations, you should have 7 years of Public Relations or corporate communications experience, plus:  

Experience working on Trust  Safety issues and crisis management  
A strong understanding of the tech or ecommerce and policy landscape
Strong project management capabilities including planning, prioritizing and execution
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills with experience developing key messages and content for media as well as owned and operated channels
A self starter who is able to prioritize in challenging situations and balance between two-sided community needs and business and seller priorities
You are comfortable operating on a small team and will get in the weeds to produce results in a highly ambiguous environment. You are scrappy and no job is too small.
Experience forging relationships and working cross functionally with marketing, Trust  Safety, product, legal, and policy teams
High-growth startup, marketplace or creator-focused platform experience preferred 

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 170,000year - 230,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents


Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet


Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses


Professional Development

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development


401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment

Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary



 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.