 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role
As our Head of Performance Marketing, you will lead a team to scale a critical capability for the companys growth. Reporting directly to the VP of Growth Engineering, youll manage a team of marketers and campaign managers to drive the success and effectiveness of our performance marketing online media properties and beyond. Youll need to deeply understand customer personas, creative that resonates with them as well as every metric that drives campaign performance. 
 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.

10 years of work experience with at least 3 years spent running large performance marketing campaigns
World-class judge of talent and incredible team builder. You have previous experience building and scaling a world-class performance marketing team up to 10Mmo in spend with strong payback periods
Can help a team effectively deliver world-class creative that resonates with an audience while having a command of every key metric to drive business performance
Know the entire performance marketing landscape, and have a perspective on how to build world-class campaigns in todays changing landscape  this includes knowledge of the tools to use, running effective campaigns, the metrics to measure, and the proper attribution methodologies
You will partner cross-functionally with our data, finance, engineering, and marketing teams to drive campaign success
Can roll up your sleeves, to run any campaign yourself even if you havent done this fully for a period of time

Compensation
For US-based applicants:195,000year - 240,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits



Competitive base salary and stock options
Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents


Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet


Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses


Professional Development

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development


401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment

Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary





 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.