 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role

Partner closely across the business to find improvementsopportunities and influence decisions using data science methodologies and tools
Build actionable KPIs, create production-quality dashboards and notebooks to convey insights
Define and advance best practices within an experiment-driven culture
Inform product engineering roadmap through analysis of marketplace, user behavior, and product trends

 About You
We are looking for intellectually curious, highly motivated individuals to be foundational members of our Data team! You will partner with our Engineering, Product, Finance and Operations teams to identify critical goals for the business, develop a deep understanding of them, and design scalable solutions.
You should have strong critical thinking and analytical skills, excellent communication abilities, and a knack for working across teams in a fast-paced environment. The ideal candidate will be adept in navigating the data stack and able to support initiatives in all facets from analyticsdata engineering and product analytics to machine learning.
In addition to 6 years of experience in the Data Analytics field, you should have:

Excellent verbal communications, including the ability to clearly and concisely articulate complex concepts to both technical and non-technical collaborators
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent work experience. 
Demonstrated history of knowledge in Business Analysis, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or related technical fields
Industry experience with proven ability to apply scientific methods to solve real-world problems on large scale data
Ability to lead initiatives across multiple product areas and communicate findings with leadership and product teams
Comfortability with data warehouses and big data technologies such as Redshift, Snowflake, Big Query, Presto, Athena, Spark, DBT
Expert in using SQL for data analysis, reporting, and dashboarding
Experience with a scripting language such as Python or R is a plus
Aptitude and experience in applied statistical modeling and machine learning techniques
Firm grasp of visualization tools, interactive and self-serving, such as business intelligence and notebooks

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 153,000 - 225,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
  Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents

Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet

Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses

Professional Development

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development

401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment

Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary


  EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.
