 Whatnot
Whatnot (YC W20) is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were one of YCs top companies and one of the fastest growing marketplaces ever. Were laser focused on creating an exceptional software company, team, and place to work. You can read our principles here.
Our mission: enable anyone to turn their passion into a business and bring people together through commerce. 
We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 About the Go-to-Market Team
The Go-to-Market team at Whatnot is responsible for the expansion of our category suite and the continued growth of sellers and buyers on the platform. Partnerships is responsible for identifying, launching, and fully owning all sides of new high-potential product verticals.
 Role
Go-to expert of your category

Become the go-to expert on your category, including sellerbuyer dynamics, community channels, influencers, and product nuances
Become the face of Whatnot for the community of sellers and buyers that you represent

Seller outreach and onboarding

Source and reach out to sellers to convince them to join and grow their business on Whatnot. Leverage social media, outbound channels, and in-person events
Onboard groups of sellers teaching them them how to use the app

Relationship management

Build and maintain strong relationships with sellers and top strategic partners to support their growth and meet their needs
Collaborate with partners to develop business growth strategies and communicate product improvements and feedback

Marketing and growth

Spearhead diverse marketing initiatives, such as influencer partnershipscampaigns, to boost brand awareness and attract more buyers

Data analytics

Use basic data analytics skills (SQL) to derive insights from projects and enhance process efficiency
Utilize key data points to assess category growth, success, and areas for improvement, driving continuous iteration

 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.

You have a passion for our mission at Whatnot - you live and breathe the needs of our communities and work relentlessly to improve their experiences on Whatnot 
You have up to 3 years of experience working in a fast-paced, client-facing role, and a track record of working quickly and iteratively
You are scrappy and flexible enough to work in an ambiguous environment with limited guidance
You are a problem solver with strong project management skills and the ability to fully own strategy and execution on both sides of an emerging marketplace
You have business acumen, are deeply analytical, and comfortable understanding and manipulating data to gain and take action on business insights

 Nice to Have

Experience at a high-growth startup, marketplace, or creator-focused platform
Proficiency in SQL
Passion for creator communities andor new product categories that are uniquely suited to live ecommerce
Experience buying and selling in online marketplaces

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 80,000 - 125,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents


Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone, internet, or co-working space


Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
20,000 for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses



 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.