 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role
The Senior Manager, Trust  Safety (Team Lead) is responsible for providing ongoing guidance and support to the Trust  Safety Operations team members at Whatnot. As a Senior Manager, you will be responsible for managing TS support agents and providing feedback to help them grow within their career. You will review and own case escalations. You will also closely monitor and identify different issues and proactively recommend and implement new processes and solutions to improve agent performance.

Manage a team of Trust  Safety agents, oversee their day-to-day and provide coaching and feedback to ensure that the team maintains a high level of productivity and quality
Deep-dive into complicated cases and situations to provide guidance to TS team members
Maintain and report out on key operational metrics for the Trust  Safety team
Successfully collaborate with other department stakeholders on important processes
Assist in identifying process and efficiency gaps and think through scalable solutions
Continue to provide and create the best in class customer experience for our Whatnot users
Execute tasks and projects in an environment with competing priorities and changing demands

 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here. 
We are looking for:

At least 6-8 years of experience
Foundational knowledge on Trust  Safety operations and the Whatnot platform
Extremely customer-focused mindset and is willing to be creative to help our customers
Experience in creating and implementing new processes and investigation workflows
Proactive problem-solver and process-improver
Continuous learning mindset and are always learning more about the Whatnot product and policies
Strong judgment that allows you to come to reasonable and defensive conclusions
Detail-oriented team player
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
You can work independently with little oversight
Positive attitude
Experience in people management
Strong ability to multitask

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 140,000year - 185,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents


Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet


Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses


Professional Development

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development


401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment

Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary



 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.