 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.n
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 About the Go-to-Market Team
The Go-to-Market team at Whatnot is responsible for the expansion of our category suite and the continued growth of sellers and buyers on the platform.  
 Role
As a General Manager, youll be responsible for quickly scaling the sneakers category on Whatnot and fully owning the PL and growth trajectory of the business unit. Youre excited to zoom in and zoom out on a daily basis to both execute and guide the strategy of the sneakers category.
Build the category foundation 

Bring sellers into our ecosystem and be an advocate for our mission. Build pipeline, cold call, onboard and manage relationships to help them grow on Whatnot
Execute marketing activations alongside influencers and category evangelists to generate awareness of Whatnot within your category
Define and monitor key success metrics in the category to drive focus and execution

Scale growth

Own our strategic partnerships - grow our relationships with top sellers, brands and influencers
Develop scalable strategies to grow both sellers and buyers simultaneously
Identify unlocks to create step-change growth in our business. Spot our biggest gaps to doubling growth and attack them with rigorous focus and testing
See around corners. Chart the path for future growth within your category and build a plan for getting there - what sub-categories well expand into and who well serve next

Lead 

Manage a team of strong Partnership Managers and hire new team members as the category grows
Be a steward of our product. Ensure that were meeting the needs of your category to make sure they can be successful on Whatnot
Work with cross-functional partners to bring solutions to light that can serve our newest communities

 You

You have a passion for our mission at Whatnot - you live and breathe the needs of our communities and work relentlessly to improve their experiences on Whatnot
You have 7 years of experience working in partnerships and marketing in high growth, fast-paced environments
You are comfortable operating as a team of 1 and will get in the weeds to produce results in a highly ambiguous environment
You are scrappy and no job is too small
You are a world-class leader with experience hiring, managing, and developing a team
You are deeply analytical and comfortable understanding and manipulating data to gain and take action on business insights

 Nice to Have

Experience working on a marketplace or two-sided platform where youve had to balance the needs of multiple parties
Experience with developing internal policies and processes for a new and fast-growing business
Proficiency in SQL
Passion for creator communities, existing product categories on Whatnot, andor new verticals that are uniquely suited for live e-commerce
Experience buying and selling in online marketplaces

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 190,000 - 245,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents

Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone, internet, or co-working space

Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
20,000 for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses


 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.