 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas. 
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
  Role

Launch your category

Launch and own an entirely new category in Germany
Strategize the best ways to scale your efforts to make the category successful
Work towards growing your category, with General Manager as a potential next career step


Create community-defining moments

Build relationships with influencers, planning and executing activations to bring their audiences onto WhatnotCreate community-defining moments
Organize and execute on-app and in person events connected to the most exciting products, moments, and fandoms related to your category


Build our seller community

Build and pursue a pipeline of sellers in your category across individual resellers, influencers, and shops 
Identify and bring on board high-potential sellers managing ongoing relationships and day-to-day communications
Advise sellers on ways to grow their businesses on Whatnot. Create the next generation of top sellers in your category
Stay close to sellers and buyers in the ecosystem to understand user needs and provide the product team with key user insights and problems to solve.


Use data and strategic thinking to propel your category forward

Utilize large sets of data efficiently in order to inform category  project plans, as well as track and report on outcomes
Be able to jump in, ramp up quickly, and independently drive strategic projects both in your own category and across partnerships when needed



  You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here. As our next Category Manager, Germany, you should have 6 years of full-time experience working in a fast-paced, client-facing role in high output environments, such as Strategy Consulting, Private Equity, or partnerships at a fast-paced tech company, plus: 

Experience working in a business development or partner-facing role
Fluent German and English speaker, and familiarity with the DACH market
You have experience building and executing against a pipeline of targets
You are scrappy and flexible enough to work in a fast-paced startup environment with limited guidance, and are comfortable pivoting quickly as needed
You are a strategic and creative thinker who can turn research and data into actionable plans
Passion for creator communities andor expertise in existing Whatnot product categories (e.g. vintage clothing, collectibles)
Experience at a high-growth startup, marketplace, or creator-focused platform a plus
Proficiency in SQL a plus
Experience buying and selling in online marketplaces a plus

Compensation
115,000 -  165,000 year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
  Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Flexible Paid Time Off and Company-wide Holidays (including a Spring and Winter break)
MedicalDentalVision (Supplementary Private Health)
Pension Plan
Food, Wellness, Home Office, and Dependent Care Allowance equivalent to local currency 

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses
Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet


Professional Development

2,000 annual allowance to invest in your professional development


Parental Leave

16 weeks of paid parental leave  one month gradual return to work company leave allowances run concurrently with country leave requirements which take precedence.



  EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.