 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
  Role
As part of the infrastructure team, you will be responsible for building and scaling Whatnots best-in-class live streaming and marketplace service for all of our users.  You will be building the foundations for Whatnots future across reliability, scalability, and performance of our systems.

Ensuring availability, performance, security, and scalability of production systems.
Work with the engineering team to get services deployed across different environments.
Scale for capacity and traffic spikes of 20x normal load during high-volume events
Providing recommendations for architecture and process improvements.
Maintain an efficient CICD pipeline to help developers ship the software faster and safer in a structured environment.

  About You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.

You have experience in scaling a hyper-growth startup.
5 years of infrastructure engineering experience building scalable systems that can handle millions of users.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent work experience.
Prior experience in a public cloud environment (AWS, GCP).
Kubernetes, Docker, and Terraform experience required.
Expert knowledge of various CICD workflows.
You are known for shipping lightning fast.
Excellent communicationwriting skills.
Self-starter. You will be able to hit the ground running with little direction.
You can write code - experience programming in a professional setting (we primarily use Python, Elixir, JavaScript - knowledge of these in particular not required).
Lastly, Whatnot fosters a culture of being exceptionally user-focused, moving incredibly fast, taking big swings, and having a figure-it-out mentality. These principles have held up time and time again, and allowed us to create something that has changed countless peoples lives. This is why they are a core part of our principles today and we hope that you could see yourself contributing to them.

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 178,000 - 235,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
  Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents


Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet


Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses


Professional Development

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development


401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment

Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary



  EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.