 Whatnot
Whatnot (YC W20) is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were one of YCs top companies and one of the fastest growing marketplaces ever. Were laser focused on creating an exceptional software company, team, and place to work. You can read our principles here.
Our mission: enable anyone to turn their passion into a business and bring people together through commerce. Were building the future of ecommerce; an interactive community where creators can make a living off their passion.
Did we mention were growing? In January 2021, Whatnot had 10 ambitious employees. We started 2023 with 350 employees and are continuing to grow. Were hiring forward thinking problem solvers across all functional areas. We recruit thoughtfully, can adapt quickly, and are scaling fully remotely.
 Opportunity Size
The e-commerce experience has been static for 20 years and is one of the largest opportunities for disruption in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is a 300B GMV market in China and has grown 100 YoY. Retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role
Build the Ads Foundation and Strategy 

Scale our first Ads product on Whatnot! As our first Go-to-Market hire on the team, you will help shape the strategy for our foundational Ads products
Work across Whatnots Go-to-Market team and sellers to drive adoption of Ads products and strategies
Build programs and initiatives that help sellers meet their performance goals and hold seller deep-dives to gain feedback on efficacy of Ads products

Scale for Growth

Partner with engineering to design, analyze, and evaluate how we develop and scale different Ads products across Whatnot
Advocate for Whatnot sellers and represent their voice in determining the engineering roadmap and oversee its execution
As the business matures, hire and build a team of Ads Operators that coordinate and execute against team objectives

 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.
As our first Ads Manager you should have experience in scaling ads products at a tech company, plus:

7 years of overall professional experience
Past experience at a high growth startup, or working at a direct to consumer marketplace
Comfortable operating as a team of 1 and will get in the weeds to produce results in a highly ambiguous environment. You are scrappy and no job is too small
Gathering user feedback, gleaning insights, and advocating for product change
Ability to dive deep into complex data and leverage learnings to inform go-to-market strategy and product development
Excellent communication skills and experience in building managing partnerships externally
You have been a top performer wherever you have worked
Comfort working exceptionally fast in an ambiguous work environment

 Compensation
For US-based applicants: 134,000 - 210,000 year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents


Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet


Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses


Professional Development

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development


401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment

Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary



 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.