 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role
The marketing and comms teams at Whatnot are responsible for telling stories, creating experiences, and bringing buyers and sellers closer to the products and people they love. Were focused on expansion of our category suite and the continued growth of sellers and buyers on the platform. We are seeking an experienced and dynamic Head of Community to proactively build and nurture a thriving Whatnot community. 
As the Head of Community, you will be responsible for creating a comprehensive community strategy, establishing and maintaining channels to engage and communicate with our community, developing community events, and fostering relationships with our diverse community of sellers, key opinion leaders, and influencers. You will play a crucial role in furthering Whatnots reputation as a trusted marketplace to build and scale our business. 

Community Strategy: Develop and execute a community relations strategy that aligns with Whatnots overall objectives and brand. Identify opportunities for growth and engagement within the community, and effectively build and maintain appropriate communication channels, events and forums to engage and interact with various communities.
Advocacy Management: Establish and maintain relationships with strategic top sellers in partnership with GTM stakeholders, key opinion leaders, influencers, and community members from multiple categories. Foster a sense of community by engaging various Whatnot leaders in meaningful interactions, organizing AMA (Ask Me Anything) sessions, and hosting QA sessions.  Owning the development of seller councils and roundtables. You wont be responsible for having all of these conversations, but youll run the planning and execution that brings them to life and measures their impact.
Feedback Management: We listen to all forms of feedback, including from detractors. Engage with voices that have expressed criticism or concerns about the platform. Address concerns, provide support, and work to create advocacy through clarity, empathy, and effective communication.
Community Support: Collaborate with the customer support team to address community-related inquiries, feedback, and complaints. Act as a liaison between the community and internal stakeholders to ensure prompt and satisfactory resolutions.
Data Analysis: Partner with CX teams to monitor and analyze community-related metrics, such as engagement rates, sentiment analysis, and user feedback. Utilize insights to refine community strategies, improve user experience, and drive platform growth.

 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.
As our Head of Community you should have 8 years of community experience, preferably within the social, tech, entertainment, or gaming industry, plus: 

Experience developing and executing a community relations strategy at a community-first company.
Strong understanding of various online communities, such as around sports cards, comics, coins, andor fashion (sneakers).
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal.
Demonstrated ability to build and nurture relationships with and key opinion leaders.
Proficiency in social media platforms, community management tools, and data analytics tools.
Experience in organizing and executing virtual or physical events.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, rapidly evolving environment.

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 170,000year-230,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents

Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet

Care benefits

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development


Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary



1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses
Professional Development
401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment


 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce. 