 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices.  We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role
We are looking for intellectually curious, highly motivated individuals to be foundational members of our Machine Learning and Data Platform team. You will partner across the company and use data to design scalable solutions based on a deep understanding of critical business goals. The ideal candidate will support initiatives end to end with software, data  machine learning engineering.
What youll do:

Partner closely across the machine learning, platform, and product engineering teams to train models to solve product problems and productionize data science and machine learning artifacts.
Contribute scalable solutions across various serving stacks at the machine learning service and application layers.
Build and help set direction for ML infrastructure, such as feature construction patterns, data and model monitoring, online  offline scoring systems, and model usage patterns.
Develop high quality communication devices such as dashboards, notebooks, documents, and presentations to convey insights across a broad audience.
Define and advance our technical approach to scalable machine learning.

 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.
As our next Software Engineer, Machine Learning you should have 5 years of experience, plus:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Software Engineering, a related technical field, or equivalent work experience.
Industry experience with a track record of applying practical methods to solve real-world problems on consumer scale data.
Extensive experience with Python for data science and machine learning software development e.g. Flask, FastAPI, Docker.
Ability to work autonomously and lead initiatives across multiple product areas and communicate findings with leadership and product teams.
Experience with operational databases such as PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, Elasticsearch, Redis.
Proficiency and experience in applied statistical and machine learning fields e.g. Recommendations, Search, Fraud  Anomaly Detection, Experimentation and Causal Analysis
Firm grasp of visualization tools for monitoring and logging e.g. DataDog, Grafana
Familiarity with cloud computing platforms and managed services such as AWS Sagemaker, Lambda, Kinesis, S3, EC2, EKSECS, Kafka, FlinkSpark.
Professionalism around collaborating in a remote working environment and well tested, reproducible work.
Exceptional documentation and communication skills.

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 153,000 - 235,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents


Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet


Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses


Professional Development

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development


401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment

Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary



 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.