 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role
The marketing and comms teams at Whatnot are responsible for telling stories, creating experiences, and bringing buyers and sellers closer to the products and people they love. We are seeking an experienced and dynamic Head of Social Media to proactively build and execute our social media strategy and plan for Whatnot.
As the Head of Social Media, you will help craft the vision, create the strategy, and lead the execution of Whatnots existing and future social media channels. Working closely with multiple internal teams, youll help create engaging content, establish processes, and set goals to ensure our channels are a positive reflection of our brand and help to celebrate, engage with, and support our community.

Social Media Strategy: Develop and execute a social media vision and strategy that aligns with Whatnots overall objectives and brand. 
Campaigns and Content Creation: Create engaging content and programs that celebrate and inform our community and elevate the Whatnot brand.
Develop the Social Infrastructure: Set processes and choose the technology that supports the daily social activities and sets us up for success as we grow
Community Engagement: Work in partnership with multiple internal teams to ensure we are showing up for and highlighting our community across on-platform categories and at industry events; actively and intentionally engage with our community by responding to comments and messages across multiple platforms
Data Analysis: Partner with CX teams to monitor and analyze community-related metrics, such as engagement rates, sentiment analysis, and user feedback. Utilize insights to refine social strategies and drive growth.

 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.
As our Head of Social Media you should have 8 years of social media experience, preferably with brands that are in the entertainment, community, and social space, plus: 

Experience developing a scaled social media strategy at a digital consumer brand
Strong understanding of various online communities, such as around sports cards, comics, andor fashion (sneakers)
In-depth knowledge of current trends, pop culture, and social media platforms
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal
Demonstrated ability to build and nurture relationships with key opinion leaders
Proficiency in social media platforms, community management tools, and data analytics tools
Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced, rapidly evolving environment
Youre immersed in internet culture and can use that knowledge to identify trends, creators and opportunities for the Whatnot brand to build and grow.
You are deeply analytical and comfortable understanding and manipulating data to gain and take action on business insights.
You are comfortable operating on a small team and will get in the weeds to produce results in a highly ambiguous environment. You are scrappy and no job is too small.

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 195,000year-230,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents

Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet

Care benefits

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development


Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary



1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses
Professional Development
401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment


 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce. 