 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role









Discovery engineers at Whatnot are responsible for building the best user experience for finding and engaging with the most relevant content on the platform: streams, products and others in the community. To achieve our goals, we are passionate about understanding, building and maintaining a healthy ecosystem, where buyers find engaging content and sellers thrive with their business. We focus on a wide variety of problems: taxonomy, browse experience, search and recommendations algorithms, as well as content understanding. We make data informed decisions and ship quickly to benefit our users. The software team has a lot of individual responsibility and many more freedoms, so we need to hire people we can trust. Your ability to make good trade-offs and exercise good judgment is essential to us.

At this time, we are hiring Backend, Infra, and Machine Learning Engineers for the Discovery team. 








 You

4 years of software engineering experience.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent work experience.
Knowledge of at least 3 languages (we primarily use Python, Elixir, JavaScript, and are open to others).
Excellent product instincts. You first think about users rather than the best technical solution.
You are known for shipping products and features lightning-fast.
Youre an excellent problem solver and dont need to be told exactly what to do.
Comfortable working across the stack (backend and frontend).
Ability to pick up on new technologies very quickly.
Proven track record of delivering features.  
Product Management experience.
AWSDevOps.
Startup experience at a high-growth company.

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 153,000 - 235,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents


Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone, internet, or co-working space


Up to 500 monthly to spend within Whatnot App
Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
20,000 for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses



 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.