 Whatnot
Whatnot (YC W20) is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were one of YCs top companies and one of the fastest growing marketplaces ever. Were laser focused on creating an exceptional software company, team, and place to work. You can read our principles here.
Our mission: enable anyone to turn their passion into a business and bring people together through commerce. 
We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 About the Go-to-Market Team
The Go-to-Market team at Whatnot is responsible for the expansion of our category suite and the continued growth of sellers and buyers on the platform. Partnerships is responsible for identifying, launching, and fully owning all sides of new high-potential product verticals.
 Role

Source and reach out to Sports card sellers to convince them to join and grow their business on Whatnot. Leverage social media, outbound channels, and in-person events
Ingrain yourself in the Sports card community and become an expert on the Whatnot experience specific to the category
Onboard and teach sellers how to use Whatnot to scale their businesses
Potential to convert to full-time employee in Partnerships Associate role (i.e additional category coverage, 1:1 coaching of sellers, marketing events, data analytics) depending on program success and individual performance

 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here. As our next Partnerships, Community Consultant, 

You should have deep experience in the Sports Cards community as a reseller or influencer, or are a truly knowledgeable and passionate collector who can talk about this category for hours
You are scrappy and flexible enough to work in an ambiguous environment with limited guidance
You are available to work at least 10 hours per week for a 3 month period
You have familiarity with using social media platforms (i.e. Instagram, Twitter, FB, TikTok)

Compensation
For US-based applicants: Hourly rate of 25.00-30.00hour 
Final pay will be based on a number of factors including relevant prior experience, skills and expertise.
 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.