 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices.  We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas. 
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
About the People Team
The purpose of the Whatnot People Team is to empower Whatnauts (what we adoringly call our Whatnot employees!) to be their authentic selves, do their best work, and continuously develop in pursuit of ensuring Whatnot can achieve our ambitious goals. We relentlessly prioritize the Whatnaut people experience to enable autonomy, create a safe, inclusive environment, and empower their success.
 Role
As a People Business Partner Director, you will be a strategic partner to key Senior Leaders in support of the organizations people strategy. In this role, youll partner with leaders in our global Go-to-Market department including Partnerships, Marketing and Operations, to understand our strategy, enable our teams to achieve their goals, and expand internationally. Youll be a leader on a passionate team that drives People programs and processes, organizational design and development, and be a trusted advisor to high level leaders and management in support of empowering Whatnauts to do their best work as we continue to grow. 
You Will:


Provide leadership and management coaching to help the team operate most effectively, ensure an exceptional employee experience, and support achievement of organizational goals


Collaborate on people-related strategy and decisions including organizational design, planning, and development


Drive diversity, equity, and inclusion throughout all of our people team programs and initiatives


Provide ongoing guidance to managers for employee relations matters including complex performance and behavior management and investigations in addition to supporting and responding to employee complaints in a timely manner and partner with external legal counsel as needed


Drive the People Processes for your organization including compensation cycles, feedback, talent management, and workforce planning


Partner with the Centers of Excellence including Learning  Development, Total Rewards, and People Operations to provide input into design and delivery of people programs and processes


Leverage data and relationships throughout the business to proactively identify and address talent issues before they impact the business, including attrition risk


Own end-to-end change management process and planning associated with reorgsrole adjustments, leadership announcements, and changes to strategic direction


Support Manager Development in the areas of inclusive behaviors, team effectiveness, and strategic management


Design and lead org-specific people initiatives and projects


Utilize engagement surveys and related people data to provide guidance and recommendations around strategy as it relates to culture, people growth and retention, performance, and org wide development opportunities



 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.
As our next PBP Director, you should have 10 years of partnering with all levels of an organization in a remote or dispersed environment, and: 


10 years experience supporting higher level (VPGM) Sales, Go-to-Market, or Operations leaders 


Partnership mindset, and ability to build trust and rapport within the organization including leadership, management, and employees


Experience working in a fast-paced, hyper growth organization with a track record of being action-oriented, proactive, and working iteratively


Ability to manage highly sensitive information and situations with a high level of integrity and attention to detail


Capability to communicate effectively within a remote-first environment


Ability to prioritize deliverables and maintain a strong understanding of and connection to business goals


Nice to Have


2 years experience managing People PartnersHR Business Partners


Masters Degree in Human Resources, Business, or related field


Human Resources Professional Certification (e.g., PHR, SPHR, SHRM)


Compensation
For US-based applicants: 215,000 - 285,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents


Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet


Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses


Professional Development

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development


401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment

Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary



 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.