 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role
We are seeking a highly experienced and talented Creative Director to lead our creative team in developing and executing innovative marketing and branding strategies for our company. As the Creative Director, you will be responsible for overseeing the creation of high-quality visual content across multiple platforms, driving user engagement and customer loyalty through exceptional branding and marketing campaigns. 

Collaborate with the go-to-market and marketing teams to develop and execute branding and marketing strategies that support our business goals and objectives.
Oversee the development and implementation of all visual content, including our brand identity, videos, photos, creative assets across social media platforms, our website, email marketing campaigns, performance marketing, events, physical locations and more. 
Manage, mentor a team of designers, animators, and videographers, providing guidance and feedback to ensure the highest quality of work.
Scale our design team to help support the needs and demand of our business. 
Lead brainstorming and ideation sessions, generate new ideas and concepts for campaigns, and develop creative briefs that inspire the team to deliver outstanding work.
Work closely with cross-functional teams to ensure consistent branding and messaging across all channels.
Stay up-to-date with industry trends and best practices, and incorporate them into the companys creative strategy.
Develop and maintain relationships with external partners, including agencies and freelancers.

 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.
As our next Creative Director you should have 10 years of experience in creative roles, with at least 3 years in a leadership position, plus:

Proven track record of developing and executing successful marketing and branding strategies across social media platforms, website, and email campaigns.
You have excellent leadership and team management skills, with the ability to motivate and inspire creative teams to deliver high-quality work on time and on budget.
Youve been the leader of creative teams who have taken campaigns from idea through to execution and can speak to the business problem you were aiming to solve, how you managed the brief all the way through the launch and impact of your teams work.
Your campaigns have driven business impact and grown brands or platforms into the tens of millions of consumers.
You have a strong understanding of social media platforms, user behavior, and digital marketing trends. Youve developed campaigns ranging from scrappy shoestring in-house budgets to 7 figure plus multi-channel campaigns (paid, organic, social).
You have excellent communication skills, with the ability to present and articulate ideas clearly and effectively.
You have strong project management skills, with the ability to prioritize tasks, manage multiple projects simultaneously, and meet deadlines.
Youre passionate about the intersection of design and technology, and eager to drive innovation in the social e-commerce industry.
You have a portfolio that showcases your work.

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 240,000 - 285,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents


Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet


Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses


Professional Development

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development


401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment

Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary



 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.
