 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 About the Go-to-Market Team
The Go-to-Market team at Whatnot is responsible for the expansion of our category suite and the continued growth of sellers and buyers on the platform. Partnerships is responsible for identifying, launching, and fully owning all sides of new high-potential product verticals.
 Role
As a Partnerships Associate, youll expand Whatnots presence in new and existing categories by identifying and recruiting new sellers to join our community. 
Go-to expert of your category

Become the go-to expert on your category, including sellerbuyer dynamics, community channels, influencers, and product nuances
Become the face of Whatnot for the community of sellers and buyers that you represent

Seller outreach and onboarding

Source and reach out to sellers to convince them to join and grow their business on Whatnot. Leverage social media, outbound channels, and in-person events
Onboard groups of sellers teaching them them how to use the app

Relationship management

Build and maintain strong relationships with sellers and top strategic partners to support their growth and meet their needs
Collaborate with partners to develop business growth strategies and communicate product improvements and feedback

Marketing and growth

Spearhead diverse marketing initiatives, such as influencer partnershipscampaigns, to boost brand awareness and attract more buyers

Data analytics

Use basic data analytics skills (SQL) to derive insights from projects and enhance process efficiency
Utilize key data points to assess category growth, success, and areas for improvement, driving continuous iteration

 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.
As our next Partnerships Associate, you should have 2 years of experience working in a fast-paced, client-facing role in high output environments, such as: Strategy Consulting, Private Equity, or partnerships at a fast-paced tech company, plus: 

You are scrappy and flexible enough to work in an ambiguous environment with limited guidance
You are a problem solver with strong project management skills and the ability to fully own strategy and execution on both sides of an emerging marketplace
You have business acumen, are deeply analytical, and comfortable understanding and manipulating data to gain and take action on business insights

 Nice to Have

Experience at a high-growth startup, marketplace, or creator-focused platform
Proficiency in SQL
Passion for creator communities andor expertise in existing Whatnot product categories (e.g. vintage clothing, collectibles).
Experience buying and selling in online marketplaces

  Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Flexible Paid Time Off and Company-wide Holidays (including a Spring and Winter break)
MedicalDentalVision (Supplementary Private Health)
Pension Plan

4 employee contribution, 4 employer contribution


Food, Wellness, Home Office, and Dependent Care Allowance equivalent to local currency 

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses
Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet


Professional Development

2,000 annual allowance to invest in your professional development


Parental Leave

16 weeks of paid parental leave  one month gradual return to work company leave allowances run concurrently with country leave requirements which take precedence.



 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.