  Whatnot

Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.

  Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 
  About the Go-to-Market Team
The Go-to-Market team at Whatnot is responsible for the expansion of our category suite and the continued growth of sellers and buyers on the platform. As a Marketing Manager, youll be responsible for marketing strategy and buyer acquisition to build a healthy demand in your product category.

 
  Role


Own buyer acquisition in your vertical, devising campaigns and events that generate buzz and grow category demand
Develop and execute on the social media strategy for your category across multiple channels and platforms
Identify and pursue PR and influencer opportunities within your vertical
Build scalable resources and toolkits to help sellers better market their channels and grow their audiences on the platform
Measure and iterate on the effectiveness of category marketing initiatives

  You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here. As our next Marketing Manager, you should have 6 years of marketing experience in a fast-paced environment, plus:

You are a problem solver with strong project management skills and the ability to fully own strategy and content across multiple marketing channels
Youre a creative thinker with an aptitude for content creation and copywriting
You have experience tracking KPIs and monitoring success for marketing programs
You are scrappy and flexible enough to work in a fast-paced startup environment with limited guidance, and are comfortable pivoting quickly as needed

  Nice to Have

Experience at a high-growth startup, marketplace or creator-focused platform is a plus
Experience with graphic design and video editing tools (e.g. Creative Suite, Figma).
Passion for creator communities andor existing Whatnot product categories (e.g. vintage clothing, collectibles).
Experience buying and selling in online marketplaces.

Compensation
For US-based applicants:125,000year - 165,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
  Benefits

Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents


Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet


Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses


Professional Development

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development


401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment

Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary



  EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.
 
LI-DNI
