Trust  Safety and Regulatory Counsel
 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role
 
We are looking for a self-motivated, organized and creative lawyer to serve as Whatnots first Trust  Safety and Regulatory Counsel. As a member of Whatnots legal team, this person will provide day to day counseling on a broad range of issues. 
What youll do:

Advise operations teams on user-generated content issues, content moderation and marketplace regulations, law enforcement response and trustsafety matters.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to implement and maintain scalable processes for user verification, content moderation, data reporting, data subject access responses and others as required by law.
Assist the Trust  Safety, Policy and Support teams with daily responses to legal requests to ensure proper implementation of our policies and identify edge cases that need closer consideration.
Support engagement with regulators and legislators on safety issues
Work closely with internal business partners to provide strategic and proactive legal advice on arbitration, litigation and regulatory matters, including but not limited to understanding, interpreting, and applying current law and regulations to Whatnots current and prospective products and services.
Keep up-to-date on new legislation and regulations, including DSA, Inform Act and DAC7 to ensure the company maintains the highest compliance standards. This includes working with the product team to ensure that legal interpretations are aligned.
Investigate fraud concerns on the Whatnot platform and communicate legal demands as needed.   
Serve as point of contact on all Legal Data Requests and work with cross-functional teams to address requested information.
Litigate issues related to online safety

 About You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.
You should have:

J.D. and license to practice law in at least one state.
6 years of legal experience, including government, in-house andor law firm experience advising technology companies
Litigation experience
Demonstrated work experience in the area of trust  safety and regulatory affairs.
Strong knowledge of regulatory requirements such as Inform Act, DSA and DAC7.
Experience reviewing processes and process documentation to ensure compliance with applicable regulations.
Ability to operate autonomously while being a team player who brings a positive attitude to the workplace and is willing to jump on any project, big or small.

 Nice to Have

Experience in a highly regulated industry
Experience supporting policy and governance teams within an e-commerce, marketplace, or retail organization
Experience taking on projects involving different subject matters, and working with cross-functional organizations to drive alignment
Experience supporting a global team at an internet services and technology company
Experience working on multiple projects in a fast-paced environment, delivering practical advice under pressure and operating within ambiguity

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 225,000 - 255,000year  benefits  stock options
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 Benefits

Competitive base salary and stock options
Unlimited Vacation Policy and Company-wide Holidays (including a spring and winter break)
Health Insurance options including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, Short term disability  Long term Disability

Whatnot covers 99 of employee premium costs, and 75 of dependent care premiums for Medical
Dental and Vision sponsored 100 by Whatnot for employees and dependents

Work From Home Support

Laptop provided by Whatnot and home office setup allowance
450 work-from-anywhere quarterly allowance for cell phone and internet

Care benefits

1,350 quarterly allowance on food
1,500 quarterly allowance for wellness
16 weeks Paid Parental Leave and gradual return to work
5,000 annual allowance towards Childcare
20,000 lifetime benefit for family planning, such as adoption or fertility expenses

Professional Development

2,000 annual benefit to invest in your professional development

401k offering for Traditional and Roth accounts provided by Betterment

Employer matching contributions of 100 of up to 4 of contributions on base salary


 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.