 Whatnot
Whatnot is a livestream shopping platform and marketplace backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, and CapitalG. Were building the future of ecommerce, bringing together community, shopping and entertainment. We are committed to our values, whether working remotely or from one of our offices. We are building a team that has experience from top tech, retail and payments platforms in the world.
Were innovating in the fast-paced world of live auctions in categories including sports, fashion, video games, and streetwear. The platform couples rigorous seller vetting with a focus on community to create a welcoming space for buyers and sellers to share their passions with others.
And, were growing. Whatnot has been the fastest growing marketplace in the US over the past two years and were hiring forward-thinking problem solvers across all functional areas.
 Opportunity Size
Retail disruption is one of the largest opportunities in the startup space today. Livestream shopping is taking off around the world  a 300B GMV market in China thats grown 100 YoY. Whatnot is bringing it to the world through a community-first approach, starting in the U.S. where retail is a 5T market opportunity!
 Role
The Customer Experience team is responsible for driving the best possible user experience through process improvement, order management, and problem solving. As part of this team you will be tasked with doing anything possible to make sure our customers get the product they ordered as fast as possible. And if something went wrong ensuring the we are doing everything possible to make it right.

Must be available to work on our evening shift team (1pm-10pm PST) OR our overnight shift team (10pm-7am PST)
Obsession with customers  being customer first  serving customers
Interact with customer and seller with Customer first attitude ensuring a positive experience during the night shift of our CX team (10pm-6am PST).
Assess then resolve Customer and Seller issues utilizing a variety of systems, processes and technology.
Research and investigate new products, listings, sellers and quality concerns.
Work with other departments to research and resolve open questions.
Collaborate with management to improve systems and supply chain efficiency.
Efficiently work through a backlog of open issues and monitor performance of key operations.
Make quick and financially sound decisions around inventory and customer satisfaction.
Represent the company with integrity and professionalism.
Review key metrics and utilize data to make informed decisions.
3 month fixed-term contract with the potential to convert to a full-time employee.

 You
Curious about who thrives at Whatnot? Weve found that low ego, a growth mindset, and leaning into action and high impact goes a long way here.
A hungry individual looking to jump start their career in a fast paced environment. Someone willing to take on any role or task, learn new skills and be a part of building a great company. A customer service mentality with passion to reach the best possible outcome. Heres what were hoping to see in your background:

Must be available to work on our evening shift team (1pm-10pm PST) OR our overnight shift team (10pm-7am PST).
Weekend availability required.
4 year degree is a plus. 1 - 5 years of experience in customer service, user experience or fulfillment.
Positive Customer first attitude.
Proactive problem-solver and process-improver.
Experience with social media, parcel delivery, marketplace sellers, vendors, or fraud operations.
Understanding of Ecommerce and Marketplace operations.
Experience with Customer facing systems like Zendesk, Kustomer, or Intercom.
Knowledge of Collectibles is a plus.
Desire to enhance your career.

Compensation
For US-based applicants: 25-29hr
The salary range may be inclusive of several levels that would be applicable to the position. Final salary will be based on a number of factors including, level, relevant prior experience, skills and expertise. This range is only inclusive of base salary, not benefits (more details below) or equity in the form of stock options.
 EOE
Whatnot is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value diversity, and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, parental status, disability status, or any other status protected by local law. We believe that our work is better and our company culture is improved when we encourage, support, and respect the different skills and experiences represented within our workforce.