Who We Are
WillowTree, a TELUS International Company, partners with the worlds leading brands to help them tackle their thorniest challenges - be it launching new digital products, delivering personalized marketing at scale, or harnessing the power of data and AI to transform their business. These mission-critical initiatives arent solved by a single discipline. Great digital is a team game - it requires seamlessly combining strategy, engineering, design, data science, marketing, and more. Other firms have bolted on these capabilities - as digital natives, weve built them into our teams from Day 1. The result? Top and bottom lines that grow, alongside our clients capabilities. Check out how we have impacted our clients digital portfolios over the years.
In January 2023, WillowTree was acquired by TELUS International (Symbol: TIXT).  The combined company brings an unparalleled ability to deliver seamless, trusted, digitally-enabled experiences across any channel a customer might choose - be it mobile apps, websites, voice skills, chatbots, email, service agents, or associates.
Location
Our Senior Accountant, Tax  Compliance will be an integral part of our Accounting team at WillowTree. To help retain our deep culture of collaboration, this role will maintain an in-office presence in a hybrid (Work From Near) capacity in our Charlottesville, VA HQ.
The Opportunity 
Working in close collaboration with our Accounting  Consolidation Manager, you will become a subject matter expert and multi-process owner.  WillowTree has a national footprint with offices and clients in multiple states as well as a large remote workforce which brings complexity and requirements to research and comply with various regulations. You will be responsible for ensuring our continued compliance and fostering a strong working relationship with HR.
Responsibilities 

Lead the preparation of multi-state sales and use tax returns
Ownership for quarterly filing for Ohio Commercial Activity Tax (CAT) and Washington Business and Occupation (BO) tax
Ensure accurate tax withholding by monitoring the active work locations of WillowTree team members
Resolve tax notices by communicating with UKG Payment Services as needed
Determine the course of action for any tax notices received, including submissionfollow-ups with external vendor partners 
Collaborate with external tax accounting vendors for various types of fillings including property tax filings
Involved in the month-end close activities including recording 401K forfeitures, reconciling certain accounts including payroll tax liabilities and sales tax payable, and recording certain reclassifications.  
Research new payroll locations to determine employer nexus
Register new payroll locations (Withholding, unemployment insurance, and SOS registration as required per state) and any affiliated entities as needed for income tax purposes
Update UKG payroll system with registration account numbers and unemployment insurance rate info as received
Ownership of business insurance, disbursement and submission of renewed Certificate of insurance to clients, and submission of needed documentation for Workers Compensation compliance and annual WillowTree audits
Assist with administering our multi-national payroll system, including new hires, terminations, salary changes, new location setups, deduction setups, and ad hoc configurations
Monitor 401k compliance in our payroll system to ensure the correct setup
Backup to our payroll senior
Partner with Human Resources, Talent Acquisition, and the Office team as it relates to new hire submissions
Prepare payments and remittances for payments due, including mail tracking, documentation, etc.
Maintain the filling system for all entities in the WillowTree enterprise
Partner with Corporation Service Company (CSC) for any requirements related to annual reporting
Partner with WillowTrees Accounts Payable team with 1099 filing and submission
Assist with audit preparation related to 401k audit and financial statement audit

QualificationsSkills

3 years of tax accounting experience 
Extremely detail oriented
Track record of striving for data integrity and a desire to constantly improve the efficiency and effectiveness of accounting processes 
Experience with regulatory filings
Strong understanding of payroll taxes, sales and use tax and general compliance
Bachelors degree in Accounting or Business Administration with an Accounting emphasis OR a CPA
Ability to work independently without considerable oversight, and to act decisively in order to meet deadlines and maintain accuracy
Maintains a consistent awareness of tax accounting trends and changes
Collaborative approach with the ability to engage various disciplines and stakeholders in an organization
Demonstrates an equitable and open-minded approach when considering the viewpoints of others, especially when those viewpoints differ from their own

Bonus Points 

Experience with UKG
Experience with Workday
Understanding of SOX compliance

Why WillowTree?
We offer a place to be yourself.
Our differences, both visible and invisible, benefit our teams, our communities, and the products we craft. Thats why WillowTree strives to build a team with diverse backgrounds, skills, and perspectives. Youll work hard here; however, well balance that with a culture that supports your growth and cares about your well-being. Were committed to creating an environment of inclusion — a place where every Tree can thrive.
We want you to reach your fullest potential and part of your professional development at WillowTree will include dedicated time to innovate on passion projects and an annual stipend to fund your professional pursuits.
WillowTree upholds our core values in every aspect of our work. We promote safe and inclusive work environments and maintain a drug-free workplace. We celebrate our differences and provide equal employment opportunities to all team members and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Diverse teams build better products. We acknowledge that the tech industry especially lacks opportunity for those who are of non-traditional backgrounds and in underrepresented groups. In order to create the best products for everyone, we know that its important for our team to reflect the diversity of our users, and we are committed to being the change we want to see.