Our Company
WillowTree, a TELUS International Company, partners with the worlds leading brands to help them tackle their thorniest challenges - be it launching new digital products, delivering personalized marketing at scale, or harnessing the power of data and AI to transform their business. These mission-critical initiatives arent solved by a single discipline. Great digital is a team game - it requires seamlessly combining strategy, engineering, design, data science, marketing, and more. Other firms have bolted on these capabilities - as digital natives, weve built them into our teams from Day 1. The result? Top and bottom lines that grow, alongside our clients capabilities. Check out how we have impacted our clients digital portfolios over the years.
In January 2023, WillowTree was acquired by TELUS International (Symbol: TIXT).  The combined company brings an unparalleled ability to deliver seamless, trusted, digitally-enabled experiences across any channel a customer might choose - be it mobile apps, websites, voice skills, chatbots, email, service agents, or associates.
The Opportunity
Our summer internship program gives current students the opportunity to immerse themselves in a fun and collaborative environment where they will have the chance to make an impact by contributing ideas and adding a fresh perspective to real client projects.
To ensure that you are advancing in your craft, in addition to the client work, there will be plenty of opportunities to spend time with team members in your discipline to discuss the latest trends in design, all while having a 1-on-1 mentor relationship with an experienced Product Designer. As an intern, you will be part of a cross-discipline intern cohort where you will have additional opportunities to form long standing friendships and mentorship relationships.
We understand our responsibility to create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive place within the tech industry, while pushing to make our industry more representative. Because of this responsibility, we need candidates who value diversity and inclusion through their work, team collaboration, or involvement in student organizations. 
This a hybrid role is open exclusively in Vancouver, BC.
Your Impact

Youll contribute to our clients achieving their outcomes and business goals through forward-thinking design
Youll successfully advocate for effective design practices, design sprints, and best practices with our clients and teams
Youll contribute to product experiences from ideation to execution for clients across various industries.
Youll contribute to pushing our teams creative, visual, and interactive design capabilities
Youll get hands-on experience by working on real client work

Your Background

You have plans to graduate in FallWinter 2024 or later
An online portfolio of mobile app or web design work
Experience with design tools like Figma, Sketch, and Invision
A strong conceptual thinker with a demonstrated ability to understand customer needs, user behaviors, and project requirements
Solid written and oral communication skills and an ability to articulately explain design decisions
Strong understanding of typography, layout and basic design principles
Motion design experience
Youre comfortable presenting your designs to teammates and clients
A passion for current design trends coupled with a strong understanding of user experience

P.S. Even if you dont have expertise in all of the qualifications listed, we value new perspectives and encourage you to apply. Were committed to building a diverse company that reflects the diversity of our users. If you feel confident about a good amount of the bullet points above, well ramp you up on the rest.
Why WillowTree?
We offer a place to be yourself.
Our differences, both visible and invisible, benefit our teams, our communities, and the products we craft. Thats why WillowTree strives to build a team with diverse backgrounds, skills, and perspectives. Youll work hard here; however, well balance that with a culture that supports your growth and cares about your well-being. Were committed to creating an environment of inclusion — a place where every Tree can thrive.
Our summer internship program is an opportunity for you to work on real client projects and make a real impact on our organization all while receiving one-on-one mentoring from our full-time team members. Not only that, but youll have weekly paid lunches, snacks galore, and plenty of chances to socialize with your fellow interns — including fun outings during work hours. Well have you with us full time (think 40 hours a week for approx.15 weeks) and yes, it is definitely paid. Not a bad gig, right? 
WillowTree celebrates our differences and provides equal employment opportunities to all team members and applicants without regard to race, colour, ancestry, place of origin, political belief, religion, marital status, family status, physical or mental disability, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, status as a First Nation, Metis, Inuit, or Indigenous person andor any other characteristic protected by federal, provincial or local laws. Diverse teams build better products. We acknowledge that the tech industry especially lacks opportunity for those who are of non-traditional backgrounds and in underrepresented groups. In order to create the best products for everyone, we know that its important for our team to reflect the diversity of our users, and we are committed to being the change we want to see.
 CAD Hourly Rate31—33 CAD