Director, Delivery Lead 2
So Paulo-SP, Brazil or Porto Alegre-RS, Brazil
Who We Are
In 2021, Poatek was acquired by WillowTree, an award-winning digital product consultancy recognized as one of the fastest growing and best places to work in the United States. Now a TELUS International company, with offices across the globe, we continue to partner with the worlds leading brands, such as Capital One, HBO, PepsiCo, Dominos and more, to design, build, and transform their digital products and strategies. Were looking to grow our Poatek offices in Brazil with top talent excited to collaborate with team members across the globe to deliver innovative solutions for our clients. 
Location and Flexibility
This is a hybrid role, which weve termed Work from Near (WFN). This model requires the ability to work on-site from our So Paulo - SP or Porto Alegre - RS office throughout the week based on team needs, while still providing the flexibility to work remotely on other days. Our WFN culture is designed to foster in-person innovation, collaboration, and connection with team members local and visiting from other global offices.
The Opportunity
As a Director, Delivery Lead 2, youll partner with one of our Engineering Directors to lead a multidisciplinary project team. Together, youll establish and grow partnerships with clients to deliver world-class products.
We understand our responsibility to create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive place within the tech industry, while pushing to make our industry more representative. Because of this responsibility, we need candidates who value diversity and inclusion through their work, team collaboration, or mentorship. 
Responsibilities 

Create, guide, and communicate the holistic (WillowTree, client, 3rd party) project plans and goals to create alignment and overall program delivery success
Partner across teams to drive product development, own the creation of mission-critical products, and deliver desired outcomes 
Lean on your deep client services experience to provide effective decision-making on complex issues of scope, design, architecture, and process 
Deliver timely and tailored communication for various audiences: engineering teams, product managers, marketing partners, and C-level executives
Optimize processes and use of time for your team while focusing on key client activities 
Be flexible and adaptive by applying appropriate project management frameworks that suit the customer and product
Visit your client regularly, usually 1-3 days per month, up to 20 of the time during kickoff or launch periods

Qualifications

7 years of experience in software development
Experience leading large-scale custom software development projects, from discovery through UX design, implementation, and deployment
Demonstrated experience and confidence managing software projects with complex scope and executive partners
Experience facilitating working sessions with client stakeholder groups and internal teams
Youve managed projects, provided feedback, and led a multidisciplinary team
Ability to clarify complex ideas and navigate ambiguity for your team and client

Bonus Points

Professional experience as a Project or Product Manager and Scrum Master from a major technology consultancy or agency
Youve guided a client to further their use of modern engineering practices or agile software delivery processes 
Certifications such as CSM, CSPO, PMP, SA, SPC, etc.
Account planning and growth activities

Why Poatek?
What We Offer:

Be part of an innovative consultancy with a human-centered and culture with opportunities for ownership and professional growth
Competitive salary and benefits package (annual bonus)
Opportunity to work on innovative agile projects with other high-performing, passionate team members from all over the globe (international travel opportunities)
Collaborative work environment that encourages continuous learning and professional development (including English classes, support in national and international courses,
Flexible work hours and autonomy
Voucher for health activities, food allowance, in-office snacks, drinks, and games

If you love IT as much as we do, we look forward to meeting you!

Equality is a principle here at Poatek. We are committed to building an inclusive team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs, and experiences. Therefore we provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants regardless of race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, or disability.
We will only use the information you provide to process your application and to produce tracking statistics. Since we do not request personal data deemed sensitive, we ask you to abstain from sharing those information with us.
For more information on how we use your information, see our Privacy Policy.