Who We Are
WillowTree, a TELUS International Company, partners with the worlds leading brands to help them tackle their thorniest challenges - be it launching new digital products, delivering personalized marketing at scale, or harnessing the power of data and AI to transform their business. These mission-critical initiatives arent solved by a single discipline. Great digital is a team game - it requires seamlessly combining strategy, engineering, design, data science, marketing, and more. Other firms have bolted on these capabilities - as digital natives, weve built them into our teams from Day 1. The result? Top and bottom lines that grow, alongside our clients capabilities. Check out how we have impacted our clients digital portfolios over the years.
In January 2023, WillowTree was acquired by TELUS International (Symbol: TIXT).  The combined company brings an unparalleled ability to deliver seamless, trusted, digitally-enabled experiences across any channel a customer might choose - be it mobile apps, websites, voice skills, chatbots, email, service agents, or associates.
The Opportunity
We believe the best ideas come from shared creativity. What sets us apart from other agencies is that our engineers sit right beside researchers and creatives, so perspectives from multiple disciplines shape our products. Our summer internship program gives current students the chance to make an impact by contributing ideas and adding a fresh perspective to real client projects. And just to make sure youre advancing in your craft, youll have plenty of opportunities to spend time with team members in your discipline to discuss the latest trends in tech or gain insight on a new skill. 
We understand our responsibility to create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive place within the tech industry, while pushing to make our industry more representative. Because of this responsibility, we need candidates who value diversity and inclusion through their work, team collaboration, or involvement in student organizations. 
This is a hybrid position. This role is open in three locations: Charlottesville, VA, Columbus, OH, and Durham, NC.
Your Impact

Your day-to-day work will influence millions of users
Youll have the opportunity to learn every day from engineering leadership
Hands-on experience by working on real client work
Youll build amazing products people love
Youll participate in the delivery of large and complex software projects in a team-based environment

Your Background

You plan to graduate in FallWinter 2024 or later
Have experience with mobile or web development (Swift, Java, Kotlin, TypeScript, Javascript, etc.)
Youve done a mobile project in school or in your spare time
A self-starter who embraces new technologies
You are intellectually curious and enjoy digging into what makes each platform unique
A commitment to delivering quality code for best-in-class digital experiences
You appreciate good design and have an eye for details
Applicants must be authorized to work permanently for any employer in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor employment visas at this time.

P.S. Even if you dont have expertise in all of the qualifications listed, we value new perspectives and encourage you to apply. Were committed to building a diverse company that reflects the diversity of our users. If you feel confident about a good amount of the bullet points above, well ramp you up on the rest.
Why WillowTree?
We offer a place to be yourself.
Our differences, both visible and invisible, benefit our teams, our communities, and the products we craft. Thats why WillowTree strives to build a team with diverse backgrounds, skills, and perspectives. Youll work hard here; however, well balance that with a culture that supports your growth and cares about your well-being. Were committed to creating an environment of inclusion — a place where every Tree can thrive.
Our summer internship program is an opportunity for you to work on real client projects and make a real impact on our organization all while receiving one-on-one mentoring from our full-time team members. Not only that, but youll have weekly paid lunches, snacks galore, and plenty of chances to socialize with your fellow interns — including fun outings during work hours. Well have you with us full time (think 40 hours a week for 10 weeks) and yes, it is definitely paid. Not a bad gig, right? 
WillowTree celebrates our differences and provides equal employment opportunities to all team members and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Diverse teams build better products. We acknowledge that the tech industry especially lacks opportunity for those who are of non-traditional backgrounds and in underrepresented groups. In order to create the best products for everyone, we know that its important for our team to reflect the diversity of our users, and we are committed to being the change we want to see.