Who We Are
WillowTree, a TELUS International Company, partners with the worlds leading brands to help them tackle their thorniest challenges - be it launching new digital products, delivering personalized marketing at scale, or harnessing the power of data and AI to transform their business. These mission-critical initiatives arent solved by a single discipline. Great digital is a team game - it requires seamlessly combining strategy, engineering, design, data science, marketing, and more. Other firms have bolted on these capabilities - as digital natives, weve built them into our teams from Day 1. The result? Top and bottom lines that grow, alongside our clients capabilities. Check out how we have impacted our clients digital portfolios over the years.
In January 2023, WillowTree was acquired by TELUS International (Symbol: TIXT).  The combined company brings an unparalleled ability to deliver seamless, trusted, digitally-enabled experiences across any channel a customer might choose - be it mobile apps, websites, voice skills, chatbots, email, service agents, or associates.
Location and Flexibility
When team members told us they needed more flexibility and autonomy around where and how they worked, we acted, creating two options to accommodate two different styles of work. One non-negotiable principle along the way? We had to retain our deep culture of collaboration, both among ourselves and with our clients. Introducing Work From Near (Hybrid) and Work From Anywhere (Remote) at WillowTree. Learn more here.
This role will have the option to be in a Work From Near (Hybrid) capacity based out of one of our offices OR in a Work From Anywhere (Remote) capacity with travel to clients and WillowTree offices expected. 
The Opportunity 
The VP, Business Development role is responsible for leading relationships with key strategic accounts, and for cultivating relationships with key prospective accounts. This role will largely focus on our Financial Services vertical. The VP will ensure that all aspects of account work, from strategic development to execution, are exceeding client expectations. While working with Business Development and Marketing leadership on a combination of product, brand, market, and sales strategies, the VP will coordinate new leads, field new business opportunities, and win new business.
WillowTrees Business Development team encompasses a range of skilled professionals that drive innovation and growth on the front lines of client engagement. As a team, we rally around three distinct areas in the client journey map: Prospecting, Pursuit, and Expansion. A few responsibilities across our team include: identifying new relationships and opportunities, nurturing ongoing relationships with client partners, contracting agreements, writing proposals, pitching our services to prospective clients, and more.
Responsibilities 

Identify target accounts to optimize services and communicate WillowTrees capabilities to clients
Competently articulate product features to successfully implement technology solutions
Youll collaborate with our Solutions Architects and Product teams to craft executive-level proposals, pitches, and SOWs for prospective and existing clients
Cultivate and extend existing C-level relationships with current clients
Youll team up with our delivery leadership to respond to opportunities and team-sell through RFP responses or other types of sales cycles
Advise WillowTrees internal teams on industry and vendor trends to remain well-positioned to assist our clients

Qualifications 

Deep experience in a digital professional services consultancySI engaged with F500 level client accounts
Balance of both growth strategy project work as well as operational project responsibilities including digital transformation. In addition, the ideal candidate has had the opportunity to manage teams and multiple work streams
Ability to identify and characterize business issues, while demonstrating a nose for value to discern what is important
Scope and plan underlying analyses that will yield critical answers to the questions at hand. Understand the required data to complete the analysis and procure them accordingly. Deliver timely, zero-defect execution of analysis. Leverage quantitative tools for the analytical heavy lifting. Analyze data and translate findings into meaningful insights and recommendations
Ability to communicate effectively and succinctly, both verbally and on paper, and across all levels of an organization. The ideal candidate excels in client relationshipscommunication and possesses the executive presence to influence appropriate senior stakeholders

Bonus Points 

An engineering or computer science degreebackground
Masters Degree in Business Administration

Why WillowTree?
We offer a place to be yourself.
Our differences, both visible and invisible, benefit our teams, our communities, and the products we craft. Thats why WillowTree strives to build a team with diverse backgrounds, skills, and perspectives. Youll work hard here; however, well balance that with a culture that supports your growth and cares about your well-being. Were committed to creating an environment of inclusion — a place where every Tree can thrive.
We want you to reach your fullest potential and part of your professional development at WillowTree will include dedicated time to innovate on passion projects and an annual stipend to fund your professional pursuits.
WillowTree upholds our core values in every aspect of our work. We promote safe and inclusive work environments and maintain a drug-free workplace. We celebrate our differences and provide equal employment opportunities to all team members and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Diverse teams build better products. We acknowledge that the tech industry especially lacks opportunity for those who are of non-traditional backgrounds and in underrepresented groups. In order to create the best products for everyone, we know that its important for our team to reflect the diversity of our users, and we are committed to being the change we want to see.