Location and Flexibility
Our Senior Product Strategist will be an integral part of our team at WillowTree. To help retain our deep culture of collaboration both among ourselves and our clients, this role will maintain an in-office presence in a hybrid (Work From Near) capacity. Please indicate which of our available office location(s) youre interested in via the application form below.
Travel to client sites (10)  will be required on an ad hoc basis.
Learn more about Work From Near.
Who We Are
WillowTree is an award-winning digital product consultancy driven by innovation and grounded in strategy and user-centered design. We create long-term partnerships with the worlds leading brands to build and design digital flagship products crucial to our clients business needs. Were a global consultancy with a client list that includes the NBA, Marriott, Dominos, and many more. Check out how we have impacted our clients digital products over the years.
The Opportunity
As a Senior Product Strategist, youll play a leading role at the intersection of Business Strategy, Technology, and User Experience in guiding the creation and evolution of the worlds best digital products and experiences. Our Strategists have the autonomy to create beautiful, useful digital products across platforms: native apps, responsive sites, bots, voice assistants, and more, for many well-known brands. They operate at both the individual product level, and across a clients digital portfolio  suite of offerings.
Great product sits at the intersection of Desirability, Feasibility, and Viability, and our best-in-class teams bridge each of these, through the seamless collaboration between strategy, research, design and engineering. With an emphasis on viability and desirability (and capable of speaking to the latest in CX-enabling tech), our Strategy practice identifies competitive whitespace, facilitates client workshops to draw out business goals and strategic priorities, participates in user research, drives ideation designed to achieve business goals and meet user needs, and articulates business value to make recommendations for the direction of a product or experience. Our Product Strategists serve as trusted advisors to senior clients, with an aim of developing lasting relationships.
We understand our responsibility to create a diverse, equitable, and inclusive place within the tech industry, while pushing to make our industry more representative. Because of this responsibility, we need candidates who value diversity and inclusion through their work, team collaboration, or mentorship. So in your cover letter, we encourage you to reflect on diversity, equity, and inclusion.
Responsibilities

Tell compelling and inspiring stories through artfully crafted presentations outlining the research, vision, and specific recommendations balanced with technical reality
Identify and articulate business goals, market goals, and user goals
Create clarity out of ambiguous problem spaces; quick to focus the teams effort in the most valuable direction
Consult on user acquisition and marketing strategies for new products
Gather and analyze large amounts of information expeditiously while developing compelling, insightful recommendations and product vision
Communicate product decisions to senior-level stakeholders
Lead ideation exercises and driving creative problem solving
Articulate and quantify the business impact of our ideas; partner with clients to justify investments in a shared vision
Envision new business models and monetization opportunities
Work closely with designers, researchers, and project managers to set the direction for products andor portfolios and platforms
Work with WillowTree leadership to identify whitespace in our strategy service offering
Contribute to commercial activity, such as providing strategic input into client pitch-work and RFP responses

QualificationsSkills

Experience working in a top management consultancy with exposure to digital productsoftware strategy engagements
An understanding of user-centered research principles and how to apply those user insights
Have successfully launched products from previous roles
Led client engagements and are empathetic to client needs
Managed project workshops, check-ins, timelines, and presentations
Comfort with quantitative analyses (e.g., financial modeling, market sizing)
Significant mobile and emerging technology industry knowledge
Can successfully tell stories with inspiring presentations; understands how to structure a narrative for maximum impact

Bonus Points:

Exposure to beyond the product management consulting

Pricing and distribution
Marketing strategy and customer segmentation
Scenario planning
Innovation incubator design
Design thinking process consulting

Digital transformation roadmapping
Masters in Business Administration
Adept at building long-term relationships with client stakeholders
Expert Keynote skills

Why WillowTree?
We offer a place to be yourself.
Our differences, both visible and invisible, benefit our teams, our communities, and the products we craft. Thats why WillowTree strives to build a team with diverse backgrounds, skills, and perspectives. Youll work hard here; however, well balance that with a culture that supports your growth and cares about your well-being. Were committed to creating an environment of inclusion — a place where every Tree can thrive.
We want you to reach your fullest potential and part of your professional development at WillowTree will include dedicated time to innovate on passion projects and an annual stipend to fund your professional pursuits.
WillowTree upholds our core values in every aspect of our work. We promote safe and inclusive work environments and maintain a drug-free workplace. We celebrate our differences and provide equal employment opportunities to all team members and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Diverse teams build better products. We acknowledge that the tech industry especially lacks opportunity for those who are of non-traditional backgrounds and in underrepresented groups. In order to create the best products for everyone, we know that its important for our team to reflect the diversity of our users, and we are committed to being the change we want to see.What Well Offer
In addition to a great culture and interesting work with opportunities for growth and development, this position is eligible for the following benefits: 

Healthcare benefits - Medical, Vision, Dental (We cover 100 of individual employee medical premiums)
Life  Disability Insurance
401K matching
Flexible paid time off  paid company holidays
Parental Leave
Employee Share Purchase Plan
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
And more!

An individuals compensation is based on various factors unique to each candidate, including skill set, experience, qualifications, and other job-related reasons determined during the interview process. To drive ongoing pay equity for team members, WillowTree conducts regular compensation audits across categories of race, ethnicity, and gender. USA Pay Range115,000—139,000 USD