Who We Are
In 2021, Poatek was acquired by WillowTree, an award-winning digital product consultancy recognized as one of the fastest growing and best places to work in the United States. Now a TELUS International company, with offices across the globe, we continue to partner with the worlds leading brands, such as the Capital One, HBO, PepsiCo, Dominos and more, to design, build, and transform their digital products and strategies. Were looking to grow our Poatek offices in Brazil with top talent excited to collaborate with team members across the globe to deliver innovative solutions for our clients. 
Location and Flexibility 
This is a hybrid role, which weve termed Work from Near (WFN). This model requires the ability to work on-site from our Porto Alegre - RS or So Paulo - SP offices throughout the week based on team needs, while still providing the flexibility to work remotely on other days. Our WFN culture is designed to foster in-person innovation, collaboration, and connection with team members local and visiting from other global offices.
 
The Opportunity 
The Senior Accountant, Revenue is a technical, yet highly collaborative role, that bridges accounting with internal project leadership to ensure accurate revenue recognition, invoicing, and forecasts. Using your knowledge of ASC 606, youll take ownership and leadership across an individual portfolio of internal client teams and work collaboratively with our clients AP and procurement departments on invoices, reporting, and accounts receivable. Youll leverage accounting best practices to maintain our position as one of the top digital product agencies in the nation. 
Responsibilities 

Ownership of a portion of the accounting records, including revenue recognition, invoicing and accounts receivable
Collaboratively partner with the resource and project management teams to verify that project forecasts align with contracts and work to date
Contribute to the rest of the accounting team with occasional contribution to shared tasks such as reporting and data verification

Qualifications 

4 years of professional accounting experience; some experience in a professional services environment
Significant expertise with Percent Completion method of revenue recognition is mandatory 
Expertise with revenue recognition, including managing contract terms, accruals, deferrals, invoicing, and accounts receivable.
Expertiseknowledge of general ledger software and Microsoft Excel
Displays high levels of partnership in team environments
Proven track record of collaborating with clients andor cross-disciplinary stakeholders effectively
Understanding of IFRS 15 andor ASC 606 Revenue Recognition and GAAP andor IFRS - keeping up with trends, changes, and knowledge of accounting best practices
Familiarity with financial audits or reviews

 
Bonus Points 

Experience with FinancialForce and Workday
Expertise creating ad-hoc reports
Experience with the preparation of monthly financial statements
Experience with cash flow analysis
Degree in AccountingFinance or CPA

 
Why Poatek?
Besides being part of an innovative consultancy company with an international culture, you will have:

Be part of an innovative consultancy company
Flexible hours and autonomy
Work in international and agile projects
International travels
Voucher for health activities
English classes
Support in national and international courses
Food allowance
Snacks, drinks and video game in the office
Work in a company with highly-skilled professionals
Transportation or parking spot
Annual attractive bonus.


Equality is a principle here at Poatek. We are committed to building an inclusive team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs, and experiences. Therefore we provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants regardless of race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, or disability.
 
We will only use the information you provide to process your application and to produce tracking statistics. Since we do not request personal data deemed sensitive, we ask you to abstain from sharing those information with us.
For more information on how we use your information, see our Privacy Policy.