Senior Data Engineer
So Paulo-SP, Brazil or Porto Alegre-RS, Brazil
Who We Are
In 2021, Poatek was acquired by WillowTree, an award-winning digital product consultancy recognized as one of the fastest growing and best places to work in the United States. Now a TELUS International company, with offices across the globe, we continue to partner with the worlds leading brands, such as Fox, Capital One, HBO, PepsiCo, Dominos and more, to design, build, and transform their digital products and strategies. Were looking to grow our Poatek offices in Brazil with top talent excited to collaborate with team members across the globe to deliver innovative solutions for our clients. 
Location and Flexibility
This is a hybrid role, which weve termed Work from Near (WFN). This model requires the ability to work on-site from our So Paulo - SP or Porto Alegre - RS office throughout the week based on team needs, while still providing the flexibility to work remotely on other days. Our WFN culture is designed to foster in-person innovation, collaboration, and connection with team members local and visiting from other global offices.
The Opportunity
As a Data Engineer part of our growing Data Science team, you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining robust and scalable data pipelines, enabling efficient data integration, storage, and processing across our various data sources. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Data Scientists, Software Engineers, and other technical stakeholders, to ensure data quality and support data-driven decision-making.
Responsibilities 

Be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams;
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture;
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet business requirements;
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc;
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL, AWS, and Azure big data technologies;
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.

Qualifications

BSc, MSc, andor PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, CS, or another related subject
Experience in the construction and optimization of data pipelines, architectures, and big data datasets
Proficiency with Apache Spark with a general-purpose programming language such as Python or Scala
Ability to create processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency, and workload management
Should also have experience using the following softwaretools:

Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools
Experience with AWS, Azure cloud services



Why Poatek?
Besides being part of an innovative consultancy company with an international culture, you will have:

Be part of an innovative consultancy company
Flexible hours and autonomy
Work in international and agile projects
International travels
Voucher for health activities
English classes
Support in national and international courses
Food allowance
Snacks, drinks and video game in the office
Work in a company with highly-skilled professionals
Transportation or parking spot
Annual attractive bonus.


Equality is a principle here at Poatek. We are committed to building an inclusive team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs, and experiences. Therefore we provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants regardless of race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, or disability.
 
We will only use the information you provide to process your application and to produce tracking statistics. Since we do not request personal data deemed sensitive, we ask you to abstain from sharing those information with us.
For more information on how we use your information, see our Privacy Policy.