Senior Product Lead
So Paulo-SP, Brazil or Porto Alegre-RS, Brazil
Who We Are
In 2021, Poatek was acquired by WillowTree, an award-winning digital product consultancy recognized as one of the fastest growing and best places to work in the United States. Now a TELUS International company, with offices across the globe, we continue to partner with the worlds leading brands, such as Fox, Capital One, HBO, PepsiCo, Dominos and more, to design, build, and transform their digital products and strategies. Were looking to grow our Poatek offices in Brazil with top talent excited to collaborate with team members across the globe to deliver innovative solutions for our clients. 
Location and Flexibility
This is a hybrid role, which weve termed Work from Near (WFN). This model requires the ability to work on-site from our So Paulo - SP or Porto Alegre - RS office throughout the week based on team needs, while still providing the flexibility to work remotely on other days. Our WFN culture is designed to foster in-person innovation, collaboration, and connection with team members local and visiting from other global offices.
The Opportunity
The Senior Product Lead is a highly-autonomous role with endless opportunities to impact our teams, clients, and company. Youll use your curiosity and expertise to understand our clients needs and visions and to translate business requirements into actionable work for our development teams. Youll work collaboratively with a multidisciplinary team of designers, strategists, developers, and test engineers to iteratively build products and bring those needs and visions to life.
Responsibilities 

Build strong relationships with client stakeholders and lead client discussions around product vision and user objectives
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to iteratively build solutions that are in line with time and budget constraints
Facilitate conversations and provide recommendations for scope management and feature prioritization
Run or assist in client journey mapping, user story mapping, and other product-oriented workshops
Elicit requirements from stakeholders and manage complex requirement backlogs that consider multiple platforms
Collaborate with product designers and engineers to create best-in-class user experiences that are feasible and within technical constraints
Lead technical discussions with engineers to help define system architecture and data flows in order to guide feature development
Provide meaningful contributions to the promotion of best practices, skills development, and process improvement
Help drive improvement and development of the Product Leadership discipline
Help your team understand changing priorities and carry out new goals
Embody a growth mindset and apply it in your leadership style
Manage and mentor new Product Leads

Qualifications

5 years of experience in the software development industry as a Product Owner, Technical Business Analyst, Requirements Manager, Product Manager, or related position 
Experience working with clients to elicit and define requirements for multiple platforms: iOS, Android, Web, Backend technologies, etc.
Ability to quickly spin up on any technology and understand constraints and platform-specific risks
Strong documentation and technical writing skills, with proficiency in using user stories, acceptance criteria, requirements documentation methods, flow diagrams, and API documentation
Ability to size solutions based on project constraints, i.e. timescopebudget
Working knowledge of frontend and backend technologies (i.e. webnative apps, APIs, databases) 
Expertise in identifying gaps and unknowns in requirements and facilitating resolution
An understanding of and deep appreciation for the topic of user experience (UX) and a drive to stay up-to-date with the continually evolving landscape
Excellent analytical, problem solving and decision-making skills
Committed to being a trusted leader and mentor
Experience as a leader in creating a safe environment where all ideas are welcomed and considered

Bonus Points

Agency andor consulting experience with a variety of clients and industries
An understanding of the differences in capabilities across iOS, Android, Web, and TV platforms
Experience with product research and strategy
Knowledge of UIUX platforms and design thinking
Certified ScrumMaster andor Certified Scrum Product Owner

Why Poatek?
What We Offer:

Be part of an innovative consultancy with a human-centered and culture with opportunities for ownership and professional growth
Competitive salary and benefits package (annual bonus)
Opportunity to work on innovative agile projects with other high-performing, passionate team members from all over the globe (international travel opportunities)
Collaborative work environment that encourages continuous learning and professional development (including English classes, support in national and international courses,
Flexible work hours and autonomy
Voucher for health activities, food allowance, in-office snacks, drinks, and games

If you love IT as much as we do, we look forward to meeting you!

Equality is a principle here at Poatek. We are committed to building an inclusive team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs, and experiences. Therefore we provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants regardless of race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, or disability.
We will only use the information you provide to process your application and to produce tracking statistics. Since we do not request personal data deemed sensitive, we ask you to abstain from sharing those information with us.
For more information on how we use your information, see our Privacy Policy.
 