Senior Software Engineer (Full stack)
Who We Are
In 2021, Poatek was acquired by WillowTree, an award-winning digital product consultancy recognized as one of the fastest growing and best places to work in the United States. Now a TELUS International company, with offices across the globe, we continue to partner with the worlds leading brands, such as FOX, Capital One, HBO, PepsiCo, Dominos and more, to design, build, and transform their digital products and strategies. Were looking to grow our Poatek offices in Brazil with top talent excited to collaborate with team members across the globe to deliver innovative solutions for our clients.
Location and Flexibility
This is a hybrid role, which weve termed Work from Near (WFN). This model requires the ability to work on-site from our So Paulo - SP or Porto Alegre - RS office throughout the week based on team needs, while still providing the flexibility to work remotely on other days. Our WFN culture is designed to foster in-person innovation, collaboration, and connection with team members local and visiting from other global offices.
The Opportunity
Were seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our best-in-class Internal Tooling team. Youll utilize their extensive programming skills and deep understanding of software engineering principles to drive innovative solutions and bring our complex technical projects to life. This uniquely challenging position is an opportunity to leverage your technical prowess, problem-solving skills, and leadership potential to help us shape the future of our internal products and services. Ideally, you thrive in a collaborative environment and are committed to meeting targets and driving continuous improvement.
Responsibilities

Develop, architect, and implement complex, full-stack software solutions using Python, JavaScript, and related technologies to meet project specifications and requirements.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and integrate user interfaces (UI) and backend services for web and mobile applications.
Create and optimize scalable, high-performing, secure, and reliable software systems that address business needs and constraints.
Engage in ongoing research and adoption of new technologies, libraries, frameworks, and best practices to enhance the capabilities of the engineering team and improve the software development process.
Analyze, debug, and resolve complex software issues while providing detailed documentation and recommendations.
Maintain and refactor existing codebase to ensure high quality and maintainability.
Participate in code reviews, provide insightful feedback, and share expertise with fellow team members.
Guide and mentor junior engineers and contribute to their professional growth and development.
Collaborate with project managers and product owners to help prioritize, estimate, and plan software development tasks.
Continuously develop and maintain technical documentation for software projects.

Qualifications

Relevant experience in software engineering with a focus on full-stack development.
Proficiency in Python and JavaScript, including experience with modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular, or Vue.js.
Strong understanding of databases and experience with both SQL and NoSQL systems, such as MySQL or MSSQL 
Demonstrated expertise in version control systems, such as Git.
Familiarity with web technologies such as HTML, CSS, and RESTful APIs.
Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Excellent communication, teamwork, and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work independently and manage multiple tasks simultaneously while meeting deadlines.
Fluent English

Bonus Points

5 years of experience in software engineering.
Experience with cloud platforms and services, such as AWS, GCP, or Azure.
Familiarity with containerization technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes.
Experience in an Agile development environment and familiarity with Agile methodologies.

Why Poatek?
What We Offer:

Be part of an international innovative consultancy with a human-centered and culture with opportunities for ownership and professional growth
Competitive salary and benefits package
Opportunity to work on innovative agile projects with other high-performing, passionate team members from all over the globe
Collaborative work environment that encourages continuous learning and professional development
Flexible work hours and autonomy
Voucher for health activities, food allowance, in-office snacks, drinks, and games

If you love IT as much as we do, we look forward to meeting you!

Equality is a principle here at Poatek. We are committed to building an inclusive team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, beliefs, and experiences. Therefore we provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants regardless of race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, age, or disability.
 
We will only use the information you provide to process your application and to produce tracking statistics. Since we do not request personal data deemed sensitive, we ask you to abstain from sharing those information with us.
For more information on how we use your information, see our Privacy Policy.