The Content team at Wistia is in need of a new leader!
At Wistia we make a lot of content to help businesses everywhere thrive with video—and were ramping up our creative efforts and growing our Content team!
Were looking for a content marketing rockstar (whos super passionate about video) to expand Wistias brand awareness, build our audience, and generate leads with content. The Senior Manager of Content will develop our content strategy and lead the team in the execution and coordination of all digital content across our marketing channels. 
This role will be critical in maintaining, optimizing, and building upon our portfolio of industry-leading reports, how-to blog articles, webinars, thought leadership pieces, product marketing materials, and more.      
The ideal candidate has outstanding analytical skills, a strategic mindset, great aesthetic judgment, loves project management and team development, and can oversee the content publication and distribution process from end to end. 



As Senior Manager of Content, You are responsible for:

Developing Wistias content strategy—You analyze content performance, track market trends, and partner with leaders across Wistia to understand our needs and develop a content marketing strategy that delivers a ton of value to our audience and meets key business objectives.
Building and maintaining a strong editorial calendar and content review process—You work with the content and creative teams to set up systems that help us hit deadlines without compromising on quality.
Forward planning—With your content expertise and visibility into our long-term strategy, you maintain a content roadmap that supports our fast-evolving product and meets our audiences needs.
Growing our audience and generating leads—Raise awareness of Wistia with businesses and video makers everywhere by making content experiences that are highly relevant to our target audience and are optimized for search. Grow new leads by converting site traffic through calls-to-action and lead-generating content.
Managing vendor relationships—From freelance writers to content and production agencies, youll vet and manage partners creating content for Wistia across multiple channels.
Reporting performance to the organization—Youll regularly share content performance and learnings to the wider Wistia team to prove the effectiveness of our content strategy.
Leading the team in delivering impactful work—You coach and mentor a talented and motivated content team, guiding them in their professional growth.


Protecting and evolving our brand—We need the Senior Manager of Content to collaborate closely with our creative marketing team to ensure our content is consistently on brand and leveraging our communication channels. 

As Senior Manager of Content at Wistia, your success will be measured by:

Being a brand advocate—You have an in-depth understanding of our brand and ensure all content produced is on-brand, consistent, and high-quality.
Communicating content decisions across the organization—You stay on top of industry trends, and understand what the audience needs to know and how they want to consume it.  You can clearly articulate the business goal behind the creation of a piece of content.
Learning from feedback—You make educated content decisions and work with your cross-functional partners to understand content effectiveness and make optimizations based on those results.
Developing meaningful relationships—You work well with your cross-functional leadership and stakeholders to balance needs and drive decision-making. You gain the trust of everyone around you by speaking the same language.
Moving fast and staying positive—We are a small and fast-paced team with a broad scope of work, so we need to be nimble and have a great time doing it.

We are looking for someone who:

Has experience managing and mentoring an in-house content team, guiding them to do their best work, and encouraging them to explore new creative solutions.
Has experience working cross-functionally with stakeholders to understand business priorities, and scoping marketing approaches to deliver on business goals.
Has an understanding of video production and how companies can strategically use video to grow their businesses.
Has experience managing a diverse portfolio of content and developing an ongoing content roadmap and editorial calendar. 
Can show a track record of success growing a content program and attracting an audience through content initiatives. 
Deep understanding of the full range of marketing tactics, emerging marketing trends, and the latest tools for testing content strategy ideas and measuring content performance.
Fluency with semrush, AHREFS, and GA4, with the ability to create reports to guide content decisions.
Is comfortable with ambiguity, and a willingness to embrace change to adapt strategies as needed.
A willingness to help out wherever necessary and jump in to contribute to individual work. 
At least 4 years managing a team of content producers and fostering career growth.

Working at Wistia
We try to ensure Wistia is an inclusive and diverse place where everyone feels happy, fulfilled, respected, comfortable, and welcome. Were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We care a lot, so our benefits are actually benefits, not just the fun stuff like swag and snacks in the office (though we also have lots of those too!).We know the biggest investment we can make is in our employees, so we provide:

A great compensation package
401k with 3 company contribution, regardless of whether you contribute
Profit Sharing
Stock Options
Flexible hours
Fully paid healthcare coverage for you and your family (including vision  dental) and a healthcare FSA
Up to 16 weeks paid family leave
Unlimited  untracked vacation and sick leave
Personal budget for learning  development
Transportation subsidies

LocationRemote OpportunitiesWe have a beautiful office in Cambridge, MA, but we are a hybrid workplace. This means permanently remote applicants will be considered, but well prioritize local applicants, those willing to relocate, or those within 3 hours of EST.
Wistia provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.