Are you ready to take your marketing career to the next level? At Wistia, were searching for an exceptional Marketing Manager to join our Customer Acquisition team. If youre a strategic thinker, a creative problem solver, and a results-driven marketer, this is your opportunity to make a significant impact. 



 
Key Responsibilities

Work with peers on the Acquisition team to develop multi-channel marketing campaigns andor programs to drive customer acquisition.
Define clear goals for marketing campaigns and track and report on performance. 
Partner with cross functional stakeholders on Brand Marketing, Product Marketing, Creative and Marketing Ops, to determine the audience, messaging, and marketing tactics to deliver on campaign  program goals.
Generate the content for use in marketing campaigns, programs, and other initiatives. This includes but is not limited to drafting marketing emails, running webinar and live events, and working with our Creative  Design teams to identify other assets required to support our GTM strategy. 
Manage distribution and delivery of marketing emails and workflows. Develop and manage project plans to ensure smooth, on-time delivery of marketing campaigns and initiatives.
Identify creative, out-of-the box ideas for campaigns that can improve our efforts across the board.

Qualifications
The best candidates will have: 

3-4 years of marketing experience, including experience producing marketing materials andor content. 
Familiarity and comfort with Marketing Automation Platforms (Hubspot) and Drift (preferred but not required)
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Passion for marketing
Collaborative nature
Curiosity and an aptitude for learning quickly
Strong problem solving skills

Working at Wistia
We try to ensure Wistia is an inclusive and diverse place where everyone feels happy, fulfilled, respected, comfortable, and welcome. Were proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We care a lot, so our benefits are actually benefits, not just the fun stuff like swag and snacks in the office (though we also have lots of those too!).We know the biggest investment we can make is in our employees, so we provide:

A great compensation package
401k with 3 company contribution, regardless of whether you contribute
Profit Sharing
Stock Options
Flexible hours
Fully paid healthcare coverage for you and your family (including vision  dental) and a healthcare FSA
Up to 16 weeks paid family leave
Unlimited  untracked vacation and sick leave
Personal budget for learning  development
Transportation subsidies

LocationRemote OpportunitiesWe have a beautiful office in Cambridge, MA, but we are a hybrid workplace. This means permanently remote applicants will be considered, but well prioritize local applicants, those willing to relocate, or those within 3 hours of EST.
Wistia provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.