If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.We are looking for a passionate and experienced Bookkeeper with Netsuite experience to join our Finance Team in Tel Aviv, Israel (hybrid). As part of the finance team, you will be part of our day-to-day accounting operations and monthly closing process. The finance team is responsible for all aspects, from ensuring that we are compliant with all tax regulations and business obligations through planning ahead and enabling the infrastructure needed to provide the companys future growth.
Key Responsibilities:

Responsibility over bank reconciliation and related working paper 
Account payable process management (including recording invoices, creating new vendors and processing payments to suppliers)
Credit card reconciliation review
Performing monthly closing tasks: Fixed Assets, Accruals and Prepaid expenses, etc.
Reviewing and approving reimbursement expense reports according to company policy
Produce other various miscellaneous reports, duties, and special projects as needed

Who You Are:

At least 5 years of experience in bookkeeping
Experience in NetSuite a must
Certified bookkeeper (Type 12)
High-level of English (must)
Experience in hi-tech global companies  an advantage
Excellent communication skills with ability to work independently and as part of a team
Well organized with high attention to details
Excellent analytical, problem-solving and decision-making skills
LI-Hybrid