If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.As a Yotpo Backend Engineer, your role will be to deliver highly scalable features while ensuring the quality and robustness of the solution. You will play a significant role as part of our scrum team and work according to an Agile Methodology.If working in a hyper-growth startup with cutting edge technologies and a dynamic team sounds interesting - then this is the place for you!
 
The Team:
We are seeking a talented individual to join our dynamic core backend team within the UGC group at Yotpo, responsible for managing Yotpos highest-scale product line. As a key member of this team, you will play a pivotal role in overseeing Yotpos core entities and processes. The team is primarily focused on driving technological advancements and operating at a high scale. 
 
You will:

Deliver highly scalable features to support Yotpos vision in a timely and quality manner
Participate and lead the design of the complex features
Work closely with all stakeholders of the teams work — other developers, product, ops, client services, etc.
Collaborate with team members on technological and architectural topics
 

Requirements:

3-5 years of backend development, using java, python, node.js, c. Experience with Java Spring Boot is a big advantage.
Excellent understanding of large-scale microservices architecture, and experience designing microservices-based services
Experience with container-based distributed systems, using docker and containers orchestrator, such as Kubernetes.
Experience with distributed messaging platforms, such as Kafka
Experience with MySQL
 

Bonus Points:

Experience with NoSql data stores (Elasticshearch, prometheus, etc.)
Experience with AWS

 

 

 LI-Hybrid