If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Were Yotpo SMSBump. SMSBump is a platform for eCommerce businesses that are looking to use text messages to communicate with customers, announce sales, create relationships and turn SMS into a profitable revenue channel. As part of Yotpo, were providing online merchants access to solutions for reviews, loyalty, SMS, email and more, so they can easily manage their entire marketing from a single platform. We have featured integrations for the largest eCommerce platforms, including Shopify and BigCommerce, as well as with the tools online businesses use every day, such as Google, Instagram, and the rest of the martech stack.
We are looking for a keen Product Manager who is excited about great products, as well as solving complex customer and business problems.
The PM will be working on developing clear business requirements and mockups in collaboration with all stakeholders to add awesome new features on the platform, while owning the backlog and the UAT processes to deliver best-in-class UX. The PM naturally must be proficient in requirements gathering and adept at open and fast-paced environment while gaining a strong understanding of both business and technical aspects of the platform.
Responsibilities:

Gather, understand and translate business requirements into technical specifications and mock-ups;
Define and help prioritise the product backlog and product roadmap;
Actively manage product changes, issues and timelines while communicating to relevant stakeholders in a proactive manner;
Be the driving force behind the product release cycle including testing, feedback, and overall quality assurance;
Oversee the different development stages and evaluate the product development progress

The perfect Candidate:

At least 3 years of related experience as a Product Manager in AgileSCRUM;
Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills;
A self-starter who excels in a dynamic fast-paced environment;
The desire to redefine the benchmark for excellence, be part of something big and learn as much as you can in the process;
Excellent English (both written and spoken);
Strong communicationinterpersonal skills;
Experience with requirements tracking tools e.g. JIRA, Confluence, Asana is a plus;
Familiarity with UAT or previous testing experience is a plus;
Experience with eCommerce andor automation solutions is a big plus;

What we offer:

Track to success - work in a dynamic organization with ambient and laid-back office atmosphere  best coffee in town
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Work-life balance - 25 days paid vacation with add-ons for loyalty, regular team buildings and celebrations in and outside the country
Additional health insurance package
Internal mobility program and refer-a-friend program
Managing a fixed monthly budget for social benefits thru Re:Benefit - a flexible online benefits solution
Food vouchers  monthly
E-learning portals and knowledge sharing sessions.
Company backed Hackathons, Tech conferences, workshops events, etc
Stocked kitchen and bar.
Equity in options.
We are now working in a flexible hybrid capacity.

 
 LI-Hybrid