If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Now, lets talk about you. Are you a talented and experienced Data Engineer ? If so, we want you to be part of our dynamic Business Intelligence Team, a part of the RD, contributing to our vision and making a difference in the eCommerce landscape. Join us on this journey as we seek the best and brightest minds to drive our mission forward. 
Responsibilities

Developing, implementing and supporting robust, scalable solutions to improve business analysis capabilities
Managing data pipelines from multiple sources, including designing, implementing, and maintaining
Translating business priorities into data models by working with business analysts and product analysts
Collaborate across the business with various stakeholders, such as data developers, systems analysts, data scientists and softwares engineers
Owning the entire data development process, including business knowledge, methodology, quality assurance, and maintenance
Work independently while considering all functional and non-functional aspects and provide high quality and robust infrastructures to the organization

Mandatory Requirements

5 years of experience working as a BI Developer  Data Engineer or a similar role
Bachelors degree in Industrial engineer, Computer Science, Maths, or other numerateanalytical degree equivalent or army unit equivalent
Advanced proficiency and deep understanding of SQL
Skills in data modeling, business logic processes, as well as experience with DWH design 
Experience with Python
An enthusiastic, fast-learning, team-player, motivated individual who loves data

Advantage

Experience working with DBT (big advantage)
Experience leading BIBA team
Knowledge in BI tools such as Tableau, Looker or Superset
Experience working with DWH, such as BigQuerySnowflakeRedshift
Experience working with Spark, Kubernetes, Docker.
Experience working with Databricks

 LI-Hybrid