If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Were looking for a talented, eager-to-learn Financial Information Systems Specialist to join our business application team and be responsible for supporting, maintaining, configuring, implementing, and enhancing Yotpo financial systems. 
 
Responsibilities:

Lead  manage the quote-to-cash process, including invoicing, order management, and revenue recognition from the technical side.
Work closely with stakeholders across departments to identify pain points, process improvement, new opportunities, and support day-to-day activities.
Hands-on business applications management, including configuration, maintenance, and documentation of multiple information systems and their continuous improvement. 
Initiate and lead complex projects lifecycle from planning to going live 
Understand the data flows between systems, including SalesforceZuoraNetSuite
Proactively initiate solutions to increase efficiency and visibility across the organization.
Manage change management - communication, training, and documentation. 

 Requirements:

Bachelors degree in Accounting, Computer Science, or related field required - CPA an advantage.
At least 2 years of experience managing and implementing financialbilling systems, including hands-on experience in the entire accountingbilling lifecycle (quote-to-cash, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, General Ledger, Fixed Assets, etc.).
Hands-on experience with NetSuiteZuoraSalesforce  an advantage
Revenue Recognition experience (Zuora - an advantage)
Advanced ExcelG-suite knowledge
AccountingBilling knowledge - Advantage
Strong technical and analysis skills
Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks
Team player

What we offer:

Track to success  work in a dynamic organization with ambient and laid-back office atmosphere  best coffee in town
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Work-life balance  25 days paid vacation with add-ons for loyalty, regular team buildings and celebrations in and outside the country
Additional health insurance package
Internal mobility program and refer-a-friend program
Managing a fixed monthly budget for social benefits thru Re:Benefit  a flexible online benefits solution
Food vouchers  monthly
E-learning portals and knowledge sharing sessions.
Company backed Hackathons, Tech conferences, workshops events, etc
Stocked kitchen and bar.
Equity in options.
We are now working in a flexible hybrid capacity.

 
 
 
LI-Hybrid