If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Yotpos Account Executive (France) position is a role integral to our continued growth strategy within the French market and globally. We are looking for results-driven Account Executives who have an existing knowledge of SaaS, digital marketing and direct B2B sales, with an emphasis on new business acquisition. You will be introducing our platform to new prospect accounts, spanning a broad cross-section of industry verticals to join our client base that has already surpassed 150,000 clients.
In this role, youll work with cross-functional departments, such as marketing, partners, solutions engineers and other product specialists across teams, resourceful in sharing learnings with the broader team. You are a strategic thinker who can understand broader business goals and offer solutions to optimize long-term success over short-term gains. While you are competitive with yourself, your ultimate goal is winning as a group. You can navigate through ambiguity and adapt nimbly to evolving business needs. 
How youll make an impact:

Manage qualified inbound leads from our super-productive sales development team while also cultivating additional leads to maintain your pipeline
Run effective demos for decision-makers, including Directors of Marketing, CMOs, and CEOs across all verticals
Drive the full sales cycle to attain new business, continuously seeking creative strategies to reach your audience
Consistently achieve or exceed quarterly sales goals alongside your team
Proactively manage accounts daily in our CRM (we use Salesforce)

About you:

You have experience with full-cycle SaaS sales 
Youre a great prioritizer in a highly consultative, short sales cycle
You have a working knowledge of e-commerce, online marketing and social media
You ask questions and actively listen to uncover business pain points and deliver a solution
Youre attuned to the decision-making structure at small- and mid-sized companies, so you know where to find an executive champion
Professional fluency in English and in French
Getting results is what drives you: You take quick and decisive action to achieve your goals
This role is London-based, with 3 days in our office and 2 days from home

Bonus Points For:

Knowledge of e-commerce marketing and social media.
Experience selling SMS, Email or other marketing communications products.
Ability to uncover business pain points while delivering a solution.

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above, thats okay! We believe in hiring people, not just skills. If you have a passion to learn and are excited about eCommerce and technology, then we want to hear from you.
About Yotpo UK

Private healthcare with dental and optical included
Pension contribution
Voluntary death in service policy
Cycle to work scheme
Generous PTO, volunteer days, holidays and flex days. 
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition. 
Wellness and philanthropic programming and events. 
In light of the global pandemic weve been working from home but we are now delighted to welcome our teams back in a hybrid model.

We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Youll be working alongside awesome people where your voice is heard and your perspective is encouraged. Come join us and help us build a global company where were all proud to belong. Yotpo is also committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion, and we want teammates who are similarly passionate about pushing for change in our industry. 
We are delighted to welcome our teams back to the office on a hybrid basis where we are in the office two days per week.  The office is buzzing with energy and excitement and hopefully you will like our dog friendly policy! 
Yotpo is for everyone, and were committed to anti-racist work. We welcome and employ people regardless of race, color, gender identity, religion, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status.LI-Hybrid