If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Were creating the worlds best eCommerce retention solution for brands and shoppers and were looking for a UX designer.
Were pretty ambitious, but also very practical. We love working close to customers and delivering value quickly. If youre a like-minded n experienced UX designer, lets connect.
You are:

A Product Designer with at least 3 years of experience in UX and UI design as part of a product team working alongside developers and product managers.
You understand the products lifecycle from research through prototyping to design and usability testing. 
You love solving complex product problems. 
You collaborate extremely well with all kinds of people with different perspectives and youre able to communicate clearly in Hebrew and English.

As a Product Designer (UX  UI) you will:

Collaborate with customers, product managers, content writers, developers and other designers in order to define, design and deliver extraordinary products.
Work with a team with a super positive attitude that can do anything.
Create new product experiences and work to iterate on existing experiences until theyre awesome.
Conduct product research based on customer interviews, support tickets, data, competitor analysis and more
Take charge of functional design and create wireframes, from rough ideas to rich designs  prototypes
LI-Hybrid