If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.We are looking for a bright and motivated Senior Fullstack Engineer who is excited about building top-notch software, as well as solving complex technical and business problems. You will be working on creating Yotpos next generation platform and help us achieve our vision.
 
Requirements:

Solid knowledge and experience with:

MVC, OOP, SOLID, and essential Design Patterns
Java   Spring  Spring Boot
Any modern web UI framework (Angular is considered an advantage)
RDBMS
Docker
Microservices
Sync vs. Async communication

REST
Messaging

Experience with any cloud provider (AWS is considered an advantage)

Nice to have

Kubernetes
Kafka  CDC
Cypress
Terraform
Monitoring and Logging - (GrafanaKibanaCoralogixNewrelic)


 
Responsibilities:

Be essential part of development and maintenance of a Production product
Be a mentor for less experienced team members
Take ownership over Epics  Initiatives
Deliver high quality solutions for assigned features
Participate in code review process of peers pull requests
Participate in incidents management process
Value team methodologies and actively participate in ceremonies
Be proactive in teamcompany initiatives
In- and cross-team collaboration
Promote web development best practices, high quality, and efficient delivery

The perfect Candidate:

Believes in E2E approach, production oriented
Makes decisions based on data
Loves what they are doing and loves building new things
Low on Ego and High on Team Spirit
Has strong collaboration skills
Stays focused and achieves goals
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English
5 years of software development experience
Experienced in maintenance and monitoring of a microservice environment

 
What we offer:

Track to success - work in a dynamic organization with ambient and laid-back office atmosphere  best coffee in town
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Work-life balance - 25 days paid vacation with add-ons for loyalty, regular team buildings and celebrations in and outside the country
Additional health insurance package
Internal mobility program and refer-a-friend program
Managing a fixed monthly budget for social benefits thru Re:Benefit - a flexible online benefits solution
Food vouchers  monthly
E-learning portals and knowledge sharing sessions.
Company backed Hackathons, Tech conferences, workshops events, etc
Stocked kitchen and bar.
Equity in options.
We are now working in a flexible hybrid capacity.

 LI-Hybrid