If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.As Yotpos Manager, Customer Success, you will lead a team of 6-8 CSMs who work with our SMB customer segment. Youre an active mentor and coach who champions the development of your team while also effectively representing the Voice of the Customer. Within your teams book of business, you guide the CSMs to discover opportunities for commercial growth and greater value to the customer. In this role, youll report into the Director of Customer Success.
How youll make an impact:

Coach, mentor, and develop a team of Customer Success Managers
Seek out learning opportunities for your CSMs knowledge of the Yotpo platform and business
Act as the point of escalation for customer communications 
Track team metrics and progress toward predefined retention and revenue goals
Engage your team as active ambassadors of the culture of Yotpo and models of career growth
Identify opportunities for optimization to drive greater value for customers and greater efficiency in CSMs work
Build and maintain strong cross-functional relationships to ensure the success and satisfaction of our customers, while driving their long-term retention and growth
Foster a customer-centric culture that prioritizes delivering exceptional customer experiences

You are:

An experienced people leader who has managed teams of a similar scope (think 2 years of leadership experience)
Experienced as a CSM, Account Manager, or similar role
Commercially driven, actively seeking out new ways to grow your teams book of business and drive revenue
An expert prioritizer whos able to stay organized amid competing urgent priorities in a quickly-moving environment
An effective communicator who builds successful relationships internally and externally; you can communicate ideas and break down complex subjects to your stakeholders
A champion of your customers, leading your team with clients best interests in mind
Driven to solutions: for your team, for your customers, and for the company overall

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above, thats okay! We believe in hiring people, not just skills. If you have a passion to learn and are excited about eCommerce and technology, then we want to hear from you.
About Yotpo:

Company sponsored RRSP matching.
100 coverage of additional benefits programme.
Equity in options.
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Wellness and philanthropic programming and events.
Once we open an office space locally, we expect to work in a hybrid capacity, 2-3 daysweek.
Meet some of our Toronto team: An Mai, Amen Obano, Cailin Mapp, Maria Denisov
LI-Hybrid