If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Yotpo is looking for a temp to perm Office Administrator to deliver exceptional customer service and assistance to guests, employees, and vendors alike. Youre a professional with a positive attitude, and you take initiative using your organizational skills. The Office Administrator will manage all day-to-day operations, maintain and organize our work environment, and create a place where employees can have a productive and positive experience.
How youll make an impact:

Youre the brand ambassador of Yotpo: a welcoming point of contact for employees, clients, and visitors on a wide range of requests.
You oversee administrative duties ranging from managing calendars for meeting rooms, creating POs and managing invoices, vendor set up, managing inventory of office supplies and office maintenance. 
Youll manage shipping and receiving of deliveries; send out employee new hire kits, sort and distribute incoming mail.
Daily, youll partner with the Facilities Manager to liaise with building management and vendors.
Routinely, youll partner with the People Experience team on ad hoc events, ranging from company lunches, meetings and more.

 About You:

1-3 years of experience in a similar role.
Experience building relationships with a range of internal departments: HR, Leadership, and more
Passion for tackling issues in the moment and anticipating future needs, a creative and outgoing nature, and a get-it-done mindset
Sound knowledge and experience with Microsoft Office, Google Suite, FedEx Business Account 
Ability to lift up to 70 pounds
Effective communication skills, written and verbal
Able and willing to be onsite full-time, five days each week
Meet the team: Maya Goldberg, Danielle Israeli

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above, thats okay! We believe in hiring people, not just skills. If you have a passion to learn and are excited about eCommerce and technology, then we want to hear from you.
About Yotpo:

100 coverage of employee medical premiums; 90 coverage for dependentfamily premiums.
100 coverage of employee dental  vision premiums.
Comprehensive life and disability insurance.
Flexible Time Off (FTO) policy, sick time, and paid holidays.
Equity in options.
Company sponsored 401K matching.
Pre-tax Commuter and Healthcare benefits.
Comprehensive paid leave for new parents and Dependent Care FSA.
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Wellness and philanthropic programming and events.

Yotpos employee-centric culture has consistently earned us coveted spots on Crains and BuiltInNYCs Best Places to Work lists. Directly inspired by employee feedback, we create opportunities to bring our teams together. Yotpo programming includes quarterly events, educational fireside chats, summer outings, end of year celebrations, and affinity groups like Yotpo Cares and DEI-PO. 
Youll be working alongside awesome people where your voice is heard and your perspective is encouraged. Come join us and help us build a global company where were all proud to belong.
Yotpo is also committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion, and we want teammates who are similarly passionate about pushing for change in our industry.
Yotpo is for everyone, and were committed to anti-racist work. We welcome and employ people regardless of race, color,  gender identity, religion, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
Salary 25-28 per hour  Salary ranges are determined by multiple factors unique to each candidate, including skills and local market benchmarks.LI-Hybrid