If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.As a Senior Product Marketing Manager, you will be responsible for planning and executing how we show and describe the value of one of Yotpos Newest leading products. You will be an expert on the product, compiling and constructing industry use cases, demoing the product, and producing engaging stories which highlight Yotpos unique value to our customers. You will own the central positioning for one of our products, distilling our value proposition into effective presentations for our go-to-market teams, case studies, videos, and pages on our website. You will also have a heavy influence on our product roadmap, distilling key insights from the market into actionable feedback which helps our product team evaluate candidates for development each quarter.
You will:

Own the strategy and product positioning, value propositions, stories, and messaging that resonate with the buying audience.
Develop and maintain comprehensive buyer and user personas for our products.
Lead all efforts to ensure that your messaging is effectively used across all internal and external communication, through sales, customer success, retention, partners, and various marketing teams.
Serve as a strategic thought partner with the relevant Product Manager, delivering customer feedback, competitive updates, and market developments as an input to our roadmap
Lead and manage the launch of new products and features, and explain why new capabilities matter to customers and prospects.
Guide the execution of marketing campaigns, production of marketing content and sales collateral to best demonstrate the value of Yotpo.
Champion new innovations from conception to research and execution. 
Pitch and present our technology, vision and value at leadership forums; infornt of clients, confrences, webinars and industry events.
Actively mentorlead other team members on the team with an opportunity to manage team members. (Kim Winter, Maggie Dunn, Katie McKeever)

Ideally, youll bring:

3 years in a high-tech product marketing or outbound product management role.
Exceptional writing skills that emphasize storytelling.
Very strong communication and presentation skills.
A deep understanding of product and how it connects with customers business environment and needs.
Ability to collaborate with multiple stakeholders while maintaining ownership and pushing forward delivery.
Must have a valid U.S. work authorization to apply

About Yotpo US:

100 coverage of employee medical premiums; 90 coverage for dependentfamily premiums.
100 coverage of employee dental  vision premiums.
Comprehensive life and disability insurance.
Flexible Time Off (FTO) policy, sick time, and paid holidays.
Equity in options.
Company sponsored 401K matching.
Pre-tax Commuter and Healthcare benefits.
Comprehensive paid leave for new parents and Dependent Care FSA.
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Wellness and philanthropic programming and events.
We are working in a hybrid capacity, spending 3 days per week in our NYC office.

Base salary 120,000 - 130,000
Base salary ranges are determined by multiple factors unique to each candidate, including skills and local market benchmarks.LI-Hybrid