If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Join our team as a Talent Acquisition Specialist (temp poistion for 6 months) and play a part in our growth within a global HR team at Yotpo. In this role, you will oversee the full E2E process of recruitment-related responsibilities, working closely with our leaders. This role will include identifying promising candidates, presenting our company vision, designing and assembling exceptional teams, and implementing inventive recruiting strategies.
You will:

Manage the end-to-end recruitment process, including sourcing, profiling, telephone interviews, comprehensive behavioral interviews, and proposal extension.
Work closely with hiring managers and leaders to strategically develop talent pipelines and refine hiring practices, adhering to industry best practices.
Be creative in attracting top-notch candidates while maintaining a strong talent pipeline, and delivering a meaningful and engaging candidate experience.
Establish and maintain innovative channels of sources and recruitment campaigns.
Implement effective data-driven hiring processes using the ATS (Greenhouse) and diverse metrics to facilitate informed decision-making.
Provide training and guidance to managers in various departments on issues related to recruitment.
Lead inventive recruiting and branding initiatives to strengthen a compelling employer brand, both internally and externally.

 
About you:

Has at least 2 years of experience as a recruiter in the high-tech industry.
Demonstrated proficiency in conducting in-depth behavioral interviews.
Demonstrated strong stakeholder management and partnership-building skills.
Ability to manage time effectively, prioritize tasks and meet deadlines.
Collaborative team player with exceptional interpersonal communication skills across diverse interfaces.
Initiative-driven, independent, results-oriented, and detail-oriented.
Exceptional command of spoken and written English.
Proven expertise in sourcing, along with familiarity with the use of recruiting databases and social media platforms (eg, LinkedIn Recruiter, Stack Overflow, GitHub, etc.).
LI-Hybrid