If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.We are looking for a talented Technical Content Writer to join our Product Content team. Technical Content Writers at Yotpo create clear, concise, and engaging content for the Yotpo Help Center, including how-to articles and tutorials. Youll play a crucial part in helping our eCommerce platform users navigate and master advanced features and achieve business success.
 
Responsibilities:
 

Produce well-written content for the Yotpo Help Center, including how-to articles and tutorials, following our style guidelines
Collaborate with product managers, developers, and other subject matter experts to understand product features, translating complex concepts into user-friendly content
Measure content efficiency by analyzing Help Center performance and user satisfaction
Share work and give feedback to teammates to ensure a consistent experience for our customers
Juggle multiple projects at once, while prioritizing your tasks and meeting tight deadlines

 
Requirements:
 

Native or near native-level English
At least 2 years experience in writing documentation and procedures at a tech company
Team player who can give and take feedback constructively
Superb written communication skills, with a keen eye for detail
Ability to independently lead a content domain and manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment
Ability to quickly learn and understand complex subject matter

 

What we offer:

Track to success  work in a dynamic organization with ambient and laid-back office atmosphere  best coffee in town
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Work-life balance  25 days paid vacation with add-ons for loyalty, regular team buildings and celebrations in and outside the country
Additional health insurance package
Internal mobility program and refer-a-friend program
Managing a fixed monthly budget for social benefits thru Re:Benefit  a flexible online benefits solution
Food vouchers  monthly
E-learning portals and knowledge sharing sessions.
Company backed Hackathons, Tech conferences, workshops events, etc
Stocked kitchen and bar.
Equity in options.
We are now working in a flexible hybrid capacity.

Only short-listed candidates will be contacted.

LI-Hybrid



 



 


 LI-Hybrid