If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.We are looking for an Assistant Controller to join our awesome finance team. The Ideal candidate is a highly motivated, detail-oriented, independent person with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 
The successful candidate will work collaboratively with cross-functional teams including Operations, Product, Legal, HR and within Finance in the coordination, accounting, and review of revenue transactions, as well as manage the accounting conclusions for the Companys significant customer contracts in accordance with ASC 606, and work on deal structuring when appropriate.
What youll be doing:

Manage daily accounting activities for revenue to ensure compliance with U.S. GAAP (ASC 606), internal policies, and external audits.
Participate in the full cycle financial close process for revenue and related activities to ensure complete and accurate financials in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including managing close activities within the established close timelines.
Work closely with the billing and IT teams to ensure accurate data transfer and recording in the accounting systems.
Review new products with business stakeholders and understand revenue recognition patterns and implications.
Review sales contracts and document revenue recognition treatment and issues in accordance with ASC 606 and internal revenue policies.
Maintain Company equity related daily transactions, as well as the respective accounting aspects.
Involved in other ad hoc accounting assignments.

What youll need:

CPA with a Big 4 firm experience  a must
3 years of accounting experience (experience in the tech industry is an advantage).  
Strong understanding of GAAP, specifically with ASC 606, and other revenue-related guidelines.
Detail-oriented with analytical skills.
Positive, hands-on, and proactive approach to problem solving.
Ability to demonstrate excellent judgment and discretion.
Ability to communicate effectively across all levels of the organization.
Highly proficient in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint and Word.
Experience with NetSuite, Zuora Revenue, Salesforce and G-Suite is an advantage.

 LI-Hybrid