If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Yotpo is looking for an experienced Sales Engineer who will work our Sales Teams. This persons technical expertise and deep eCommerce knowledge will help to drive revenue by building confidence in our sales prospects. Working hand-in-hand with our Account Executives, the Sales Engineer will ensure our prospective clients see the full value of the Yotpo Platform and how it can best integrate and suit the business needs of their organization.
To achieve these goals, the Sales Engineer will work to scope out an ideal integration path, develop technical deliverables, and determine all necessary technical resources prior to a clients deployment. They will also serve as the primary conduit between sales, product management, RD, and our CISO, communicating the needs of prospects, and advising around potential product enhancements. The Sales Engineer will work closely with the prospect at various stages to fully understand the problem to be solved. This will include recommending and demonstrating appropriate creative solutions, building and delivering business cases, and telling stories in a compelling narrative. 
This is an exciting opportunity to join as our first Sales Engineer supporting our rapidly growing ANZ market!
How youll make an impact:

Work with the Yotpo ANZ Account Executives to provide both technical, product and business expertise internally and directly to prospects.
Prepare and present both standard and custom technical demonstrations of the Yotpo platform to prospective clients.
Ensure potential customers understand the solution (technical  services) and resource requirements.
Collaborate with all Account Executives on planning, certifying, and delivering the business case to a prospect.
Ownership of the RFPRFI process by working to define internal timelines, recruiting and coordinating necessary team members, creating uniformity of the product, and quick delivery.
Ownership of Technical Security Assessments by coordinating with our CISO office and Security teams.
Capture and document client requirements to provide a scope of work and recommended solutions.
Collaborate with the Engineering and Project Management teams to provide the scope of a Statement of Work (SoW).
Develop a mastery of the Yotpo Platform to provide ownership of pre-sales support materials, preparation of standardized demos, and the potential training of other team members as well as the Sales team.
Provide feedback to product and engineering teams on market requirements and potential enhancements.

About you:

Minimum of 3 years relevant experience in a pre-sales engineering, solutions engineering, andor consulting role with 2-3 years working directly with customers.
Bachelors Degree - preferably in Computer Science, Information Systems, or Business
Experience working with web technologies such as Restful APIs  HTTP  JavaScript, HTML, CSS
Excellent presentation skills and confidence in front of larger audiences.
Engaging persona with the ability to build relationships with business and technical contacts at all levels of a clients organization.
Ability to articulate and document both product-specific as well as high-level technical solutions to solve customers business problems.
Experience in eCommerce andor business software (SaaS) preferred.
Understanding of sales methodologies and experience in solution selling.
Digital marketing andor advertising technology experience preferred.
Work well in a team environment.
Willing to travel 10-15 of the time.

 Why Yotpo:

The best technology: Yotpo has set the industry standard with the most cutting-edge solutions for user-generated content, visual marketing, loyalty programs, and referrals. Our platform runs on an A.I. engine that dramatically revs up efficiencies and conversions across every application. We innovate in-house or we acquire. No matter how we need to get it done, were going to give brands everything they need to win in a customer-centric world.
The best brands: We work with some of the most disruptive, progressive, and beloved brands in commerce today, from digital-native darlings like Away Travel, Glossier, and UNTUCKit to enterprises like Bobs Discount Furniture and the 1-800-Flowers family of brands.
The best partners: The Yotpo platform offers the most integrations in the commerce ecosystem. Official partnerships with the likes of Google, Facebook, Shopify Plus, and Magento, an Adobe company, empower eCommerce and marketing pros to do their jobs more efficiently and effectively.
The best people: As Crains New York Business put it: Yotpo is a Best Place to Work. We earned this honor for our focus on diversity and inclusion; individualized attention, rewards, and recognition; and beefed up benefits including monthly catered lunches, stocked kitchen and bar, 401k matching, summer flex days, commuter benefits, generous PTO, dentalvisionhealth insurance, life insurance, referral program, company outings and happy hours, puppies, and so much more!

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above, thats okay! We believe in hiring people, not just skills. If you have a passion to learn and are excited about eCommerce and technology, then we want to hear from you.
About Yotpo Australia 

A monthly wellness budget (minimum of 400)
25 Days off each year to do the things you love
Join a growing team, as we continue to launch across Asia!
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition. 
Wellness and philanthropic programming and events. 
In light of the global pandemic weve been working from home but we are now delighted to welcome our teams back in a hybrid model.
Meet our APAC team leaders: Enzo Cavaliero, Jessica Minnett, Rad Mitic, Ben Eatwell, Jules Holden

Youll be working alongside awesome people where your voice is heard and your perspective is encouraged. Come join us and help us build a global company where were all proud to belong.
Yotpo is also committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion, and we want teammates who are similarly passionate about pushing for change in our industry.
Yotpo is for everyone, and were committed to anti-racist work. We welcome and employ people regardless of race, color,  gender identity, religion, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.LI-Hybrid