If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.As Yotpos Senior Event Marketing Manager, you will be responsible for strategy and execution of the events  field marketing activities in the US. You will work closely with marketing and sales teams to organize the events and to drive qualified pipeline for Yotpo.
Events is one of Yotpos strongest lead generation channels, and weve seen tremendous direct ROI from each conference we attended. With in-person events coming back, were looking for an Event Marketing Manager to oversee and organize Yotpos participation in the key US marketing events, including industry trade shows, third-party conferences, and other sponsored events. 
You will:

Oversee the logistics and budget for each conference, track project schedules, deadlines, agendas, and flows, as well as negotiate with and manage vendors (booth setup, giveaways, collateral, registration, travel, etc).
Coordinate all the deliverables as described in the sponsorship package and identify additional opportunities that will impact our target audience.
Ensure flawless execution and timely delivery of all necessary components, properties, and materials for each event.
Develop deep partnerships with internal Yotpo stakeholders and work cross-functionally with marketing, operations, studio, sales, customer success, and partner teams to achieve desired results.
Manage conferences on-site, maintain high morale, ensure the sales team is meeting their goals, interact with participants, represent Yotpos brand, pitch our story, and attract the target audience.
Regularly update the marketing leadership team on the status of trends, metrics, challengessolutions, forecast, and strategy to drive brand awareness and pipeline growth.
Own the post-event and wrap-up, deliver clean lists of qualified leads, and ensure a smooth handover to sales.
Additional responsibilities may include assistance at other special and owned events and events research.

About you:

3 years of related experience (event coordination, trade show management, sponsorships, field marketing, corporate events) working closely alongside sales, marketing, and customer success teams to achieve results.
Ability to travel extensively within the US, as well as some international travel when required. 
Experience working in a similar position at a SaaS or tech is a huge advantage. 
Knowledge of marketing and sales automation tools such as Salesforce is a plus.
A highly results-oriented approach, with motivation to meet and exceed objectives.
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills.
Strong project management and organizational skills.
Strong presentation skills. 
Extremely detail-oriented, able to work with checklists.
Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.
Ability to work independently and make quick, strategic decisions.
Team player and all-around awesome person.

Bonus points for: 

Experience in fast growing tech startup  B2B SaaS  e-commerce.

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above, thats okay! We believe in hiring people, not just skills. If you have a passion to learn and are excited about eCommerce and technology, then we want to hear from you. 
About Yotpo US:

100 coverage of employee medical premiums; 90 coverage for dependentfamily premiums.
100 coverage of employee dental  vision premiums.
Comprehensive life and disability insurance.
Flexible Time Off (FTO) policy, sick time, and paid holidays.
Equity in options.
Company sponsored 401K matching.
Pre-tax Commuter and Healthcare benefits.
Comprehensive paid leave for new parents and Dependent Care FSA.
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Wellness and philanthropic programming and events.
We are working in a hybrid capacity, spending 3 days per week in our NYC office.

Yotpos employee-centric culture has consistently earned us coveted spots on Crains and BuiltInNYCs Best Places to Work lists. Directly inspired by employee feedback, we create opportunities to bring our teams together. Yotpo programming includes quarterly events, educational fireside chats, summer outings, end of year celebrations, and affinity groups like Yotpo Cares and DEI-PO. 
Youll be working alongside awesome people where your voice is heard and your perspective is encouraged. Come join us and help us build a global company where were all proud to belong.
Yotpo is also committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion, and we want teammates who are similarly passionate about pushing for change in our industry.
Yotpo is for everyone, and were committed to anti-racist work. We welcome and employ people regardless of race, color,  gender identity, religion, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
Base salary 120,000  140,000
Base salary ranges are determined by multiple factors unique to each candidate, including skills and local market benchmarks.LI-Hybrid