If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Yotpo is empowering brands to grow their direct-to-consumer business through captivating experiences and were looking for a commercially driven Customer Success Manager (CSM) to set the vision, strategy, and roadmap for our brands.
You will:

Act as a strategic advisor by consistently finding new sources of value for your clients while leveraging Yotpo solutions.
Seek to understand the why and ask the right questions to build and maintain strong relationships with clients, resulting in trusted partnerships.
Partner with Yotpo Account Managers to develop a strategic approach for Quarterly Business Reviews (QBRs) and renewals while driving towards upsells and cross-sells.
Leverage data and performance metrics to: optimize the customer experience, understand  achieve client goals, evaluate the health of your clients, and identify pain points.
Be the voice of your customers by advocating internally for solutions to boost long-term customer value.
Proactively identify opportunities to streamline the customer journey and organically grow your portfolio of clients.

About You:

Experience in a CSM or Account Management role - preferably in a SaaS environment.
General understanding of the digital marketing space, including SEOSEM, Social Media, Email marketing and E-Commerce best practices.
Retention mindset, with a proven record of retaining and growing client relationships.  You want your clients to thrive and benefit from Yotpo products added value through upsells and cross-sells.
Experience building collaborative relationships with customers and colleagues.  You enjoy being part of the customer journey and partnering with your teammates on challenging problems.
Ability to prioritize while managing multiple projects and initiatives in a fast-paced, changing environment.
Must have a valid Australian work authorization to apply.

Bonus points for: 

Experience in fast growing tech startup  B2B SaaS  e-commerce.
Solid understanding of the digital marketing channels, particularly search engine, social media, and email marketing.

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above, thats okay! We believe in hiring people, not just skills. If you have a passion to learn and are excited about eCommerce and technology, then we want to hear from you.
About Yotpo Australia 

A monthly wellness budget (minimum of 400)
25 Days off each year to do the things you love
Join a growing team, as we continue to launch across Asia!
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition. 
Wellness and philanthropic programming and events. 
In light of the global pandemic weve been working from home but we are now delighted to welcome our teams back in a hybrid model.
Meet our APAC team leaders: Adam Ioakim, Ben Eatwell, Jules Holden, Enzo Cavaliero, Anna Howard Taylor, Jessica Minnett, Rad Mitic

Youll be working alongside awesome people where your voice is heard and your perspective is encouraged. Come join us and help us build a global company where were all proud to belong.
Yotpo is also committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion, and we want teammates who are similarly passionate about pushing for change in our industry.
Yotpo is for everyone, and were committed to anti-racist work. We welcome and employ people regardless of race, color,  gender identity, religion, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.LI-Hybrid