If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Were looking for a Director of Creative Brand, a creative individual who will drive brand awareness and consumer engagement efforts for the Yotpo brand. From crafting captivating brand stories to igniting emotions and leaving a lasting impact, this role requires equal parts strategic thinking, operational expertise, and flawless execution. 
If youre a creative thinker with exceptional communication skills and a knack for managing and executing plans across multiple domains, then this is the role of your dreams. 
As the Director of Creative Brand, youll report directly to the VP of Brand  Design, leading and inspiring a team brand, community  social media managers, fostering a culture of creativity, collaboration, and excellence.
How youll make an impact:

Develop and execute a comprehensive brand strategy along side the VP of Brand  Design, that aligns with the companys goals and vision.
Manage the brand manager responsible for executing brand programs, ensuring successful implementation and adherence to brand guidelines. This includes driving brand awareness, fostering customer engagement, and cultivating loyalty.
Oversee creative development process for marketing campaigns in collaboration with the Director of Design, ensuring that creative materials are on-brand and resonate with our target audience.
Inspire content marketing creation by establishing Yotpos brand voice while making sure it accompanies every brand initiative and aligns with the brand strategy.
Develop and enhance the brands social media presence, creating a strategic social media plan, overseeing content creation, and leveraging platforms to increase brand awareness and engagement.
Oversee the Yotpo community domain and strategy, actively fueling the growth of brand community through initiatives, fostering meaningful connections, and driving engagement. 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, such as Go-To-Market, Product  Product Marketing, to align brand initiatives with business objectives.
Stay ahead of market trends, customer feedback, and competitor activities, enabling you to identify opportunities and address potential challenges.
Conduct research, analyze data, and provide valuable insights to measure the effectiveness of brand initiatives and guide future strategies.
Manage the brand budget effectively, ensuring resources are allocated strategically.

About you:

Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience in brand management
Proven track record of developing and executing innovative brand strategies and programs from scratch, resulting in business growth and brand differentiation.
Extensive experience across various marketing channels and disciplines, including content, social media, digital advertising and community building.
Demonstrated leadership skills, with a proven ability to manage and inspire teams, while also being hands-on when necessary.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to influence and collaborate effectively across all organizational levels.
Highly creative and able to think outside the box to deliver impactful brand experiences.
Detail-oriented with strong project management skills, capable of prioritizing and managing multiple initiatives simultaneously under tight deadlines.
Genuine passion for technology and e-commerce, keeping up-to-date with the latest industry trends and emerging platforms.

Bonus points for: 

Experience in fast growing tech startup  B2B SaaS  e-commerce.

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above, thats okay! We believe in hiring people, not just skills. If you have a passion to learn and are excited about eCommerce and technology, then we want to hear from you. 
About Yotpo US:

100 coverage of employee medical premiums; 90 coverage for dependentfamily premiums.
100 coverage of employee dental  vision premiums.
Comprehensive life and disability insurance.
Flexible Time Off (FTO) policy, sick time, and paid holidays.
Equity in options.
Company sponsored 401K matching.
Pre-tax Commuter and Healthcare benefits.
Comprehensive paid leave for new parents and Dependent Care FSA.
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Wellness and philanthropic programming and events.
We are working in a hybrid capacity, spending 3 days per week in our NYC office.
Learn more about our Recruiting Process.

Base Salary: 155,000  175,000. Base salary ranges are determined by multiple factors unique to each candidate, including skills and local market benchmarks. Please note, there is not a bonus component.
Yotpos employee-centric culture has consistently earned us coveted spots on Built Ins Best Places to Work lists in both NYC and Austin and Moguls Companies with Most Inclusive Benefits over the years. Directly inspired by employee feedback, we create opportunities to bring our teams together. Yotpo programming includes team events, educational fireside chats, end of year celebrations, affinity groups and partnerships.
Yotpo is for everyone, and were committed to anti-racist work. We welcome and employ people regardless of race, color,  gender identity, religion, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer, where your voice is heard and your perspective is encouraged. Come join us and help us build a global company where were all proud to belong.LI-Hybrid