If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Were Yotpo SMSBump. Yotpo SMSBump is a platform for eCommerce businesses that are looking to use text messages to communicate with customers, announce sales, create relationships and turn SMS into a profitable revenue channel. As part of Yotpo, were providing online merchants access to solutions for reviews, loyalty, SMS, email and more, so they can easily manage their entire marketing from a single platform. We have featured integrations for the largest eCommerce platforms, including Shopify and BigCommerce, as well as with the tools online businesses use every day, such as Google, Instagram, and the rest of the martech stack.
 
Currently we are looking for our next:
Senior Product Designer
 
Core responsibilities and day-to-day activities of the position:

Works closely with product development on the product design - creation of wireframes, user flows, UI elements
Uses the existing brand guidelines to execute templates and mock-ups efficiently
Conducts UIUX research and builds mockups based on findings
Stays up-to-date with the latest UI and UX design trends
Takes part in discussions, brainstorming and works closely with the in-house Product Design  Yotpo design team.

 
Professional stack:

Design tools (Sketch FigmaAdobe Package)
Working with Jira

 
Its nice to have (but not mandatory):

Prototype skills
Video-editing skills

 
The Perfect Candidate:

3 years of experience in a product design role
Previous experience with UIUX 
A self-starter who excels in a dynamic fast-paced environment
The desire to redefine the benchmark for excellence, be part of something big and learn as much as you can in the process

 
What we offer:

Track to success  work in a dynamic organization with ambient and laid-back office atmosphere  best coffee in town
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Work-life balance  25 days paid vacation with add-ons for loyalty, regular team buildings and celebrations in and outside the country
Additional health insurance package
Internal mobility program and refer-a-friend program
Managing a fixed monthly budget for social benefits thru Re:Benefit  a flexible online benefits solution
Food vouchers  monthly
E-learning portals and knowledge sharing sessions.
Company backed Hackathons, Tech conferences, workshops events, etc
Stocked kitchen and bar.
Equity in options.
We are now working in a flexible hybrid capacity.

Only short-listed candidates will be contacted.LI-Hybrid