If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Join us in shaping the future of eCommerce!
We are looking for a Senior Frontend Engineer with some Backend skills to join our Fullstack RD Team. We are a group of fun, curious, out-of-the-box thinkers, who love working together to solve complex problems as much as we love hanging out together.
What we offer:

A constantly growing environment and meaningful, high-impact work
All the tools, training, and support you need for success
A great team of people who are passionate about technology and eCommerce
An innovative culture that fuels personal growth

Youll be:

Leading the frontend architecture cross the teams
Delivering scalable features to support Yotpos vision in a timely and quality manner
Working closely with developers, Product, Operations, Client Services, and more
Collaborating with team members on technological and architectural topics
Improving your backend skills as being part of a fullstack team

 
Your experience:

7 years of experience in software development, at least 5 in Frontend technologies
High experience with web application environment
High experience with responsive design for both web and mobile applications
Experience with client-side frameworks like React, Angular, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, VueJS
Experience with client-side performance sensitive solutions
Mentoring and leadership around best particles and good work methodologies
Knowledge of backend technology (e.g. Java,C,Python)
Knowledge of MySQL
Experience with cloud environments, AWS
Experience in distributed systems  queueing infra - advantage
Highly motivated and with a passion for learning new things.

Life at Yotpo:

Weekly allotted time for working on personal projects
Yearly Innovation Week
Weekly sports games  Pilates, a kitchen stocked with healthy food, volunteering opportunities, enrichment events
Dog-friendly office
LI-Hybrid