If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Yotpo is looking for a Product Manager to join the Yotpo platform application team, the key component of Yotpos eCommerce marketing platform offering. 
As the Product Manager, youll be responsible for identifying market needs, defining the product roadmap and introduction of new applications and features to  the product to the market.
Youll be instrumental in defining and shipping new, value-driving retention marketing solutions to the worlds fastest-growing D2C brands, all while ensuring seamless integration with the larger Yotpo eCommerce marketing platform.
Responsibilities

Define and lead new product efforts
Work closely with customers, data scientists, BI, Sales, Marketing, and Customer Success to transform customer needs into product priorities
Solve problems and create consensus around high-stakes product decisions
Nurture interdepartmental relationships and drive complex, cross-functional projects across multiple teams

Requirements

3 years of experience as a Product Manager in a product-first company
Extensive experience driving both UX-intensive projects and projects that involve technical integrations
A natural curiosity for understanding customers and a passion for solving problems
An independent, highly focused, and self-motivated worker 
Experience in defining metrics and using data to tackle product  business challenges
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in both Hebrew and English
Team player
LI-Hybrid