If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.Job Description Summary:
We are seeking a highly skilled and knowledgeable Cloud Security Engineer to join our Security Operations team. As a Cloud Security Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, implementing, and maintaining security measures to protect our cloud-based systems and data. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure the security of our cloud infrastructure and applications, while identifying vulnerabilities and implementing strategies to minimize risks. As a critical team member, you will play a crucial role in enhancing our organizations cloud security posture.
What you need to know about the role:
In this role, you will be responsible for the development, implementation, and management of the companys cloud security framework. Leveraging a deep understanding of cloud architecture, security protocols, and compliance standards, this role ensures the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of data across our platform. 
Responsibilities:

Develop and implement robust security architectures for cloud environments.
Evaluate cloud infrastructure and applications to identify potential security vulnerabilities and threats.
Design and implement advanced security controls and protocols for cloud platforms.
Monitor and assess cloud security infrastructure and applications to detect and respond to security incidents.
Collaborate with development teams to securely build and deploy cloud-based applications and solutions.
Develop and maintain cloud security policies, standards, and procedures.
Conduct regular security assessments and vulnerability scanning. Provide actionable feedback and ensure mitigation of identified vulnerabilities.
Investigate and analyze security incidents or breaches within the cloud environment.
Provide guidance and support to development and operations teams regarding cloud security best practices.

What to bring:

Bachelors degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or equivalent experience.
At least 5 years of Amazon Web Services experience with in-depth knowledge of the environment
Experience in cybersecurity, including incident response, engineering, cloud architectures, tuning, etc. in a SaaS environment.
Hands-on experience with Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM) tools such as Orca Security and Wiz for vulnerability identification and remediation
System admin - LinuxUnix  Experience and knowledge are mandatory.
Detailed understanding of network technologies routers, switches, load balancers, firewalls, proxy, etc.
Hands-on knowledge of automation skills, DevOps skills, S-SDLC etc.
Software development domain and principles, including design patterns, code structure, programming languages, CICD pipelines, and deployment orchestration 
Good understanding and exposure to cloud standards, architecture and models
Knowledge of microservices, Kubernetes, Docker, etc. is an added advantage.

What we offer:

Track to success - work in a dynamic organization with ambient and laid-back office atmosphere  best coffee in town
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Work-life balance - 25 days paid vacation with add-ons for loyalty, regular team buildings and celebrations in and outside the country
Additional health insurance package
Internal mobility program and refer-a-friend program
Managing a fixed monthly budget for social benefits thru Re:Benefit - a flexible online benefits solution
Food vouchers  monthly
E-learning portals and knowledge sharing sessions.
Company backed Hackathons, Tech conferences, workshops events, etc
Stocked kitchen and bar.
Equity in options.
We are now working in a flexible hybrid capacity.

 LI-Hybrid