If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.We are looking for a Product Analyst to join our Product Analytics Team. We are a group of fun, curious, strategic thinkers, who love working together to help guide our business growth as much as we love hanging out together.
Youll be defining and measuring Product KPIsAnalyzing large, complex data sets to uncover product insights and help translate them into actionable recommendationsMonitoring and sharing insights on the performance of our products Building and maintaining data analysis and reporting dashboardsWorking with cross-functional teams - from senior management to product managers, product marketing, data infra, and RD
Our Technologies: SQL, Tableau, DBT, G-Sheet, Amplitude, Segment
What we offer:

A constantly growing environment and meaningful, high-impact work
All the tools, training, and support you need for success
A great team of people who are passionate about eCommerce and data
An innovative culture that fuels personal growth 

Your experience:

 2 years of experience working as a BusinessDataProduct Analyst or a similar role experience  at an internet company
BABSc in Industrial Engineering and Management,  Information Systems Engineering, Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, or a related field 
Advanced SQL skills Experience with at least one BI tool: Tableau, Looker, Qlikview, etc. 
Strong communication and interpersonal skills 
High level of English
Experience with DBT-- an advantage 
Experience defining events for analyzing user interaction -- an advantage 
Experience supporting AB test execution -- an advantage
LI-Hybrid