If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.We are looking for a Sales Development Representative (SDR). As the first line of communication with prospects, ideal SDRs have a strong understanding of the sales process, excelling at researching leads, starting new relationships, and setting our sales closers up for success.
How youll make an impact:

Qualify and develop inbound and outbound sales leads and respond to product inquiries
Set demo appointments for sales representatives to close new business
Meet monthly and quarterly qualified leads and revenue objectives
Articulate the Yotpo business value proposition to decision makers to assess buying interest
Complete accurate tracking of communication with current and potential customers in Salesforce

About you:

0-2 years of sales experience
Effective communication: You can adapt your messaging and narrative to the audience as appropriate
Active listener: You demonstrate empathy when working with team members and clients and can adapt on the fly
Curious: You take ownership to effectively leverage resources and feedback to drive your development and your teams growth
Results driven: You have a track record motivating yourself and others for results
Analytical and Math Skills
Ability to effectively manage time, prioritize tasks and work within deadlines

Bonus points:

Past success in a competitive setting

If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above - thats okay, nobodys perfect! We believe in hiring people, not just skills. We encourage you to apply if you think this is a role that would make you excited to come into work every day.
About Yotpo - Canada:

Company sponsored RRSP matching.
100 coverage of additional benefits programme.
Equity in options.
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Wellness and philanthropic programming and events.
Once we open an office space locally, we expect to work in a hybrid capacity.
Learn more about our Recruiting Process.
Meet the team: Jack Maguire, Adam Long, Pete Borkovich

Yotpos employee-centric culture has consistently earned us coveted spots on Built Ins Best Places to Work lists in both NYC and Austin and Moguls Companies with Most Inclusive Benefits over the years. Directly inspired by employee feedback, we create opportunities to bring our teams together. Yotpo programming includes team events, educational fireside chats, end of year celebrations, affinity groups and partnerships.
Yotpo is for everyone, and were committed to anti-racist work. We welcome and employ people regardless of race, color,  gender identity, religion, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer,  a place where your voice is heard and your perspective is encouraged. Come join us and help us build a global company where were all proud to belong.LI-Hybrid