If you shop online (and who doesnt these days?), then chances are youve already interacted with Yotpo. Were a leading eCommerce retention marketing platform, on a mission to help brands of all sizes turn one-time shoppers into customers for life. Loyalty programs, SMS and email marketing, subscriptions, and reviews are our bread and butter, but we have more solutions up our sleeve, too.
We have teams across the world, including the US, Canada, UK, Israel, Bulgaria, and Australia — and were still growing. Our primary goal is to deliver the best technology in the industry.
You can hear all about it in our latest brand video. 
Sounds exciting? Then read on, because were in pursuit of the best and the brightest minds to help us achieve our vision.As an Implementation Manager, you will be responsible for guiding customers through one or more of Yotpos product setups, including: building initial program strategies or campaigns, integrations, training, testing, and project management.. Our customers vary in size and industry, so we are looking for motivated team members who have strong communication and project management skills, a passion for helping people, an interest in problem-solving with a solutions oriented mindset, and the flexibility to help with a variety of projects.
You will:

Serve as the main point of contact for customers from deployment to launch to ensure a successful implementation process for Yotpos products 
Ensure all customers complete the required technical setup efficiently and according to project plan and timeline
Train and educate customers on how to effectively utilize Yotpo products via phone and videoconference
Provide strategic guidance for how brands should set up their initial strategycampaigns with Yotpos products
Improve and scale the Yotpo implementation process
Act as liaison between customers and the Yotpo sales, product, support, professional services, and customer success teams to actively identify roadblocks and solutions during onboarding

About you:

Youre a great relationship manager and excel talking to VP- and C-suite leaders
You can manage simultaneous software implementations for multiple clients
You can research, troubleshoot and solve complex software issues
You can effectively project manage and create organized plans that ensure customer success post-onboarding
You can accurately synthesize client requests and questions, convey them to cross-functionally stakeholders, and work together to move implementations along

About Yotpo:

Company sponsored RRSP matching.
100 coverage of additional benefits programme.
Equity in options.
Individualized career development, rewards and recognition.
Wellness and philanthropic programming and events.
Once we open an office space locally, we expect to work in a hybrid capacity.
Meet the team: Ally Zeltt, Isabella Quinones, Jeanette Eckelman, Kevin Nye

Yotpos employee-centric culture has consistently earned us coveted spots on Built Ins Best Places to Work lists in both NYC and Austin and Moguls Companies with Most Inclusive Benefits over the years. Directly inspired by employee feedback, we create opportunities to bring our teams together. Yotpo programming includes team events, educational fireside chats, end of year celebrations, affinity groups and partnerships.
Yotpo is for everyone, and were committed to anti-racist work. We welcome and employ people regardless of race, color,  gender identity, religion, genetic information, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or Veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer, where your voice is heard and your perspective is encouraged. Come join us and help us build a global company where were all proud to belong.LI-Hybrid