Location: NZT-PST
Hi there!
Were looking for an Engineering Manager to join the team at Zapier. Were on a mission to make everyone more productive at work. Zapier has helped millions of people build businesses through the power of automation.
Zapiers Observe team (hiring NZT-PST) is on a mission to revolutionize admins interaction with our platform, focusing on enhancing visibility, insights, and trust. Our aim includes:

Identifying opportunities to provide admins with real-time insights into task usage and performance, increasing value awareness across Zapier.
Collaborating closely with Design, Product, and Engineering to create an intuitive, user-centric experience.
Owning the entire process of notification management, performance reporting, and log content refinement.
Continuously innovating and implementing new features such as a resolution center and alarm capabilities to proactively manage potential issues.
Constantly sharing learnings and insights with other teams, promoting knowledge exchange within Zapier.

Were a globally distributed team, from New Zealand to the Americas, working together to make Zapier the trusted, go-to partner for business automation.
If youre interested in advancing your career at a fast-growing, profitable, impact-driven company, then read on
Our Commitment to Applicants
Culture and Values at Zapier
Zapier Guide to Remote Work
Zapier Code of Conduct
Diversity and Inclusivity at Zapier
About You

You are an effective team builder. This isnt your first rodeo. You have at least two years of experience managing teams of at least 4-5 engineers Backend  Frontend Engineers. You know how to hire, train, and develop engineers from all backgrounds. You understand the benefits of building a diverse and inclusive engineering team.
You have experience with experimentation. Utilizing experiments to drive continuous improvements.  These include a combination of bold changes (shark bites) and smaller improvements (fish bites).  You understand how to optimize for rapid experimentation and follow-up iteration.
Youre a product thinker. As an Engineering Manager, youve worked to set goals, metrics, and a strategy for a product-focused Engineering team. You push your team to prioritize impactful work to meet the companys goals.  You can articulate how engineering-driven projects (aka addressing tech debt) help the team meet team and company goals, and can work with your product counterpart to prioritize them appropriately.
You can keep track of, prioritize, and lead multiple projects. Were a small team, and theres no shortage of things you could be doing in a day. Youll carve out time for functional projects and make sure they solve real problems the team faces -- ideally making development even easier.
You have excellent communication skills. You regularly work with engineers and other stakeholders from various disciplines, balancing engineering concerns, such as technical debt, with product concerns. Ideally, you find solutions that address both the team and user needs, but if not, help build understanding around difficult decisions.
You are a skilled engineering leader. Youve got a strong background in leading a team of Engineers working in our stack (Python, Django or React, ES6 or Node.js, etc.).  Even if you arent a daily coder, you regularly exercise your coding muscles and try to be an asset on any technical context your team may need.
Youre adaptable. Youve been in fast-growing companies and know how to build, change, and adapt to the needs of a company as it grows.

Things Youll Do

Work closely with your engineering function, peer design function, and product function to create a trio that tackles user problems and solutions.
Develop effective ways to communicate, monitor, and lead your team through weekly one-on-ones and team meetings.
Keep the leadership team informed on your teams progress in ways that are easy and enjoyable to receive, like one-on-ones, update posts, and regular team hangouts.
Build rapport with each member of the Engineering Team and support them through coaching and mentorship to help level up their skills.
Drive continuous improvement through sprint retros, process improvements, and removal of technical blockers.
Ensure your team defines and executes technical solutions in alignment with Zapier security requirements, architectural guidelines, system design principles, and engineering best practices.
Collaborate across various disciplines (Product Managers, Designers, Researchers) to help set quarterly roadmaps that will achieve business goals through engineering best practices.
Actively recruit, onboard, and train new engineers at Zapier. This might involve tweaking the skills portions of interviews or writing better documentation.
As part of our All Hands Support initiative, help customers have the best experience with Zapier as possible.

Zapier Compensation Guiding Principles
We believe all Zapiens should be rewarded competitively and equitably, using practices that are simple and transparent. This philosophy ensures were able to find, grow, and retain exceptional people from a broad range of backgrounds. Heres how we define our compensation principles:

Competitive: Zapier pays well among the technology sector.
Equitable: Consistent pay practices; competency-based pay.
Simple: Pay is well understood, and pay practices are built for scale.
Transparent: Zapiens know how pay works, including how their pay is determined.

The pay ranges for this role are (min - mid - max):

New Zealand 184,100 - 230,100 - 276,100 NZD
United States 184,100 - 230,100 - 276,100 USD
Canada CAD 184,100 - 230,100 - 276,100 CAD

A Candidates compensation package is finalized once the interview process is concluded and accounts for experience, competencies (job knowledge, skills, and abilities), and internal equity. We use a competency-based approach to base pay, which means we set pay for all Zapier employees based on their competency and skills demonstrated in their roles. In alignment with that philosophy, the upper half of a pay range is typically reserved for individuals who have consistently demonstrated a high level of job knowledge and skills for their current role and level while at Zapier.
For more information on Zapiers Total Rewards, please click here.
How to Apply
At Zapier, we believe that diverse perspectives and experiences make us better, which is why we have a non-standard application process designed to promote inclusion and equity. Were looking for the best fit for each of our roles, regardless of the type of education or companies in your background, so we encourage you to apply even if your skills and experiences dont exactly match the job description. All we ask is that you answer a few in-depth questions in our application that would typically be asked at the start of an interview process. This helps speed things up by letting us get to know you and your skillset a bit better right out of the gate. Please be sure to answer each question; the resume and CV fields are optional.
After you apply, you are going to hear back from us—even if we dont see an immediate fit with our team. In fact, throughout the process, we strive to never go more than seven days without letting you know the status of your application. We know well make mistakes from time to time, so if you ever have questions about where you stand or about the process, just ask your recruiter!
Zapier is an equal-opportunity employer and were excited to work with talented and empathetic people of all identities. Zapier does not discriminate based on someones identity in any aspect of hiring or employment as required by law and in line with our commitment to Diversity, Inclusion, Belonging and Equity. Our code of conduct provides a beacon for the kind of company we strive to be, and we celebrate our differences because those differences are what allow us to make a product that serves a global user base. Zapier will consider all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws.
Zapier is committed to inclusion. As part of this commitment, Zapier welcomes applications from individuals with disabilities and will work to provide reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodations are needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please contact jobszapier.com.
Even though were an all-remote company, we still need to be thoughtful about where we have Zapiens working. Check out this resource for a list of countries where we currently cannot have Zapiens permanently working.
LI-Remote