Location: North, Central, and South America (NAMER)
 
Hi there!
Zapier is on a mission to make automation accessible to everyone, empowering individuals and businesses to be more efficient and productive. Were looking for a Principal Product Designer with a keen focus on user needs and an eye for high-quality experiences.
As the Principal Product Designer for our Product Group, you will play a pivotal role in shaping the future of our product and driving innovation across the business. The Product Group focuses on two areas:

The customer-facing logged-in experience. This is where our customers create, edit, and manage automations as well as manage their accounts and account members.
The partner-facing integration tools. This is where our partner developers create, manage, and understand the usage of their integrations within the Zapier Platform.

Your focus will be on high-impact problems across these spaces, exploring new strategic areas and making sense of ambiguous challenges.
If youre interested in advancing your career at a fast-growing, profitable, impact-driven company, then read on

Our Commitment to Applicants
Culture and Values at Zapier
Zapier Guide to Remote Work
Zapier Code of Conduct
Diversity and Inclusivity at Zapier

 
About You

Youre an expert in product and UX design. You have 10 years of experience designing valuable digital products for significant user bases. You have a strong understanding of the product development process, from discovery and shaping to detailed product design work. You are well-versed in design methods, processes, and best practices for user-centered design and you understand how to apply them situationally. You stay up-to-date with new methodologies and practices and seek evolve the teams operations in order to produce world-class work.
You have a strategic mindset and a vision-driven approach. You grasp and can articulate the broader vision and objectives of a product. With your ability to understand the high-level strategy, you excel at breaking down complex ideas into tangible projects and initiatives that align with the overall product strategy.
You drive quality. You set the bar for quality (both visual design and experience quality) with the designers you work with. You put in place rituals and frameworks to help hold a high bar of quality in the ultimate product experience that we deliver.
You are a strong systems thinker. You think broadly and holistically and understand how all the pieces connect together. In doing so, you continually identify key gaps in the customer experience and opportunities for improvement.
You are results-oriented. You thrive in a fast-paced environment where execution is key. You have strong project management skills that enable you to drive the execution of strategic projects.
You are a clear and persuasive communicator. You have effective methods for communication and driving alignment. You bring the voice of the customer to life. You understand how to communicate with senior leaders for buy-in and how to adapt that communication for partners, stakeholders, and team members.
You leverage research and data. You understand when to use qualitative or quantitative methods and how to translate results into actionable plans. You communicate what you learn with your team to enhance the quality and effectiveness of your work.
You are a skilled mentor, coach, and design leader. You have a track record of mentoring designers. Youve introduced and broadened design practices and enhanced design cultures. You plan and facilitate collaborative sessions with designers and cross-functional build alignment and achieve better results. You bring more junior designers along with you and provide opportunities for them to shine.

 
Things youll do

Tackle high-impact problems. Youll embrace the challenge of solving complex, undefined problems that explore broad strategic areas. Youll design innovative solutions that address user needs and drive business growth.
Shape Vision. Youll collaborate with product and design leaders and cross-functional partners to develop clear and compelling vision work for medium to long-term product problems.
Drive Quality. Youll work with design leadership and our design team members to set up practices and processes to ensure the quality of our product experience. Youll partner on Design Systems initiatives to make sure quality and accessibility have wide reach in our product.
Drive Organizational Collaboration. Youll collaborate closely with stakeholders across different teams and departments to ensure alignment. Youll communicate design direction and strategy throughout the organization.
Lead and Mentor. Youll mentor and help grow other designers on the team, providing guidance and support in their professional growth. Youll foster a collaborative and inclusive environment, encouraging the team to share work, push boundaries, and explore new ideas.
Enhance the Design Team. Youll be empowered to drive initiatives aimed at improving processes, enhancing quality, and creating new opportunities for the entire design organization. Your insights and expertise will shape the future direction of our design team, paving the way for even greater success.

 
Zapier Compensation Guiding Principles
We believe all Zapiens should be rewarded competitively and equitably, using practices that are simple and transparent. This philosophy ensures were able to find, grow, and retain exceptional people from a broad range of backgrounds. Heres how we define our compensation principles:

Competitive: Zapier pays well among the technology sector.
Equitable: Consistent pay practices; competency-based pay.
Simple: Pay is well understood, and pay practices are built for scale.
Transparent: Zapiens know how pay works, including how their pay is determined.

The pay ranges for this role are (min - mid - max):

USA: 222,700 - 278,400 - 334,100 USD
Canada: 222,700 - 278,400 - 334,100 CAD

A Candidates compensation package is finalized once the interview process is concluded and accounts for experience, competencies (job knowledge, skills and abilities) and internal equity. We use a competency-based approach to base pay, which means we set pay for all Zapier employees based on their competency and skills demonstrated in their role. In alignment with that philosophy, the upper half of a pay range is typically reserved for individuals who have consistently demonstrated a high level of job knowledge and skills for their current role and level while at Zapier.
For more information on Zapiers Total Rewards please click here.
 
How to Apply
At Zapier, we believe that diverse perspectives and experiences make us better, which is why we have a non-standard application process designed to promote inclusion and equity. Were looking for the best fit for each of our roles, regardless of the type of education or companies in your background, so we encourage you to apply even if your skills and experiences dont exactly match the job description. All we ask is that you answer a few in-depth questions in our application that would typically be asked at the start of an interview process. This helps speed things up by letting us get to know you and your skillset a bit better right out of the gate. Please be sure to answer each question; the resume and CV fields are optional.
After you apply, you are going to hear back from us—even if we dont see an immediate fit with our team. In fact, throughout the process, we strive to never go more than seven days without letting you know the status of your application. We know well make mistakes from time to time, so if you ever have questions about where you stand or about the process, just ask your recruiter!
Zapier is an equal-opportunity employer and were excited to work with talented and empathetic people of all identities. Zapier does not discriminate based on someones identity in any aspect of hiring or employment as required by law and in line with our commitment to Diversity, Inclusion, Belonging and Equity. Our code of conduct provides a beacon for the kind of company we strive to be, and we celebrate our differences because those differences are what allow us to make a product that serves a global user base. Zapier will consider all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws.
Zapier is committed to inclusion. As part of this commitment, Zapier welcomes applications from individuals with disabilities and will work to provide reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodations are needed to participate in the job application or interview process, please contact jobszapier.com.
Even though were an all-remote company, we still need to be thoughtful about where we have Zapiens working. Check out this resource for a list of countries where we currently cannot have Zapiens permanently working.
LI-Remote