We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)
For Israel-based positions, we encourage working from our Saarona, Tel Aviv office a few days a week, meeting your colleagues, and having a flexible work environment.
Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects job seekers with millions of businesses of all sizes through innovative mobile app, web, and email services, as well as partnerships with the best job sites on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android. 
Summary of Job
ZipRecruiter is seeking a thoughtful and experienced People Business Partner (HRBP) to join our organization to support our Israel office, hosting segments of our global Tech, Product, and Decision Science teams. In this position, you will primarily act as a consultant to company leadership on all people related matters. You must be a proactive and communicative change agent, someone who can successfully balance employee needs with business objectives to create integrated solutions.
The ideal candidate has a transparent and creative leadership style and the ability to inspire others to think through solutions and jump into action.
You are willing to invite, receive and act on constructive feedback. You are comfortable with asking challenging questions and seeking truth. You exude curiosity about our business and have a proven track record of rapid self-learning. You value inclusion and diversity of opinions from every member of the team. Moreover, you understand our business and culture and thrive in a highly collaborative environment where sifting through ambiguity and creating clarity is one of your passions.
This role reports to the Manager, People Business Partner for Tech.
Key Focuses 

Work closely with local senior leadership, including the General Manager for Israel, to understand, execute and provide thought partnership on key people priorities 
Develop strong relationships and build trust with employees at all levels to position the People team as a strategic partner in Israel
Support managers and individual contributors alike with day-to-day questions 
Coach and mentor managers on effective leadership practices, employee relations, conflict resolution, and team engagement 
Facilitate general HR processes in Israel, including terminations, investigations, leave of absences
Create and implement learning and development initiatives needed in Israel, in partnership with the People Development team and Manager, People Business Partners for Tech
Facilitate ZipRecruiter People programs and Tech organization initiatives, such as the annual and mid-year review cycles, promotion cycles, and talent calibration cycles
Guide managers and employees through performance management processes, providing support on building performance improvement plans, adhering to policies, and executing on performance management processes
Collaborate with local cross-functional People teams, including Talent Acquisition and Workplace Experience, to drive programs and projects specific to the Tel Aviv office
Support local employee engagement initiatives, working closely with leadership and cross-functional teams, to deliver programs that address key needs in the Tel Aviv office

Qualifications

Bachelors degree in Human Resources or relevant field
Fluency in both English and Hebrew, written and verbal
3-5 years operating in a PeopleHR Business Partner capacity
Experience operating in a global environment and working with teams across multiple geographies
Experience working in Technology andor with technical talent preferred
Proven ability to deal with ambiguity and bring open-ended priorities to completion
Track record of delivering People programs successfully across multiple disciplines (Career Development, Leadership Development, Organizational Design, etc.)
Proactive approach to problem solving
Ability to operate with autonomy to deliver solutions quickly
Ability to prioritize efficiently, switching between tactical and strategic support to best address key priorities in the business
Analytically driven, with experience utilizing qualitative and quantitative approaches for problem-solving.
Strong consulting and coaching skills
Familiarity with Google Suite (Google Sheets, Google Docs and Google Slides, in particular)

 

The role requires ability to work from Tel Aviv office and travel to US offices as needed. 

ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice