We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects millions of all-sized businesses and job seekers through innovative mobile, web, and email services, as well as through partnerships with the best job boards on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android.
About the Team:
Our team has a unique opportunity to work on applications at scale, serving millions of jobseekers and tens of thousands of customers. Were working on building an efficient marketplace of jobseekers and employers and need full-stack engineers to build fast, scalable, and effective applications that help connect people to their next job. We provide an essential service and have a thriving business as a result.
Our stack is complex and were looking for engineers who know how to write evolvable, properly instrumented, and efficient code as part of a growing distributed system. Were working on mobile-first web applications and need people who can build fast and intuitive experiences.
About the Job:

Act as a leader and steward of ZipRecruiter Engineering best practices, helping to mentor other engineers and develop novel solutions
Design and implement user-facing web applications at scale and hold up to expansion of a diverse user base
Raise the bar in engineering innovation and the evolution of our approach to backend and front end development
Communicate and deliver complex, technical solutions to a variety of stakeholders both technical and non technical
Develop and maintain highly scalable and reliable web applications and user interfaces (UIs) to interact with complex backend systems to a consumer facing audience

Minimum Qualifications:

6 years of experience in full stack software development
Comprehensive computer science fundamentals in coding, object-oriented programming, data structures, and algorithms
Experience in client side development using ReactJS, Javascript, AngularJS, or other modern programming language

Preferred Qualifications:

8 years of experience in full stack software development
BSMSPhD in Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, related technical field or equivalent practical experience

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive compensation
Exceptional benefits package
Flexible Vacation  Paid Time Off
Employer-matched 401(k) plan 

LI-Remote
The US base salary range for this full-time position is 140,000-200,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location, and the range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice