We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)For Israel-based positions, we encourage working from our Sarona, Tel Aviv office a few days a week, meeting your colleagues, and having a flexible work environment.
Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects job seekers with millions of businesses of all sizes through innovative mobile app, web, and email services, as well as partnerships with the best job sites on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android. 
Summary of Job:
We use machine learning and deep learning algorithms to create models that solve challenging problems related to matching the best candidates to jobs and vice versa.
Were looking for a Data Scientist with a passion for problem-solving to join our team of data scientists and help solve new or existing challenges. Coming up with new models, developing high quality, high-performance code and constantly improving the solution and expanding its scope.
Key focuses:

Youll be joining a team of data scientists and ML engineers working on interesting problems in the fields of recommendations, search and NLP
Develop production-level code that runs and trains ML models

Minimum Requirements:

Masters degree or higher in Computer Science  Mathematics  Statistics or equivalent 
5  years of experience in machine learning, NLP and related fields
Proficiency in Python programming language 
Team player with excellent communication skills
Acting and thinking as an owner, with production environment in mind
Fluent in English

Preferred Qualifications: 

Familiarity with Deep Learning - an advantage
Experience with Linux environment, AWS - an advantage

 
As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive salary
A fun environment where work-life balance is valued
ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice