We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects job seekers with millions of businesses of all sizes through innovative mobile app, web, and email services, as well as partnerships with the best job sites on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android. 
About the Job:
We use statistical science to understand how to construct an efficient and optimized market, understand causality, and drive our future investment.  We use machine learning techniques to solve challenging problems so that we optimally match candidates and jobs.  This includes NLP and deep learning along with pragmatic use of simpler machine learning approaches and heuristics.
Were looking for an experienced Data Scientist with a passion for problem-solving to join our team of data scientists and help solve new and existing challenges. Coming up with new analysis and understanding, building models, developing high quality, high-performance code and constantly improving the solution and expanding its scope.
Responsibilities:

Youll be joining a team of software engineers, data scientists, and ML engineers working on interesting problems in the fields of recommendations, search, and NLP.
Develop production-level code that runs, trains, and maintains ML models.

Minimum Qualifications:

Masters degree or higher in Computer Science  Mathematics  Statistics or equivalent
3 years of experience as a Data Scientist 
Proficiency in Python
Strong background in machine learning, preferably in NLP related fields

Preferred Qualifications:

Familiarity with Deep Learning
Experience with Linux environment and AWS 
Team player with excellent communication skills
Acting and thinking as an owner, building code that will run in production

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive salary
Exceptional benefits package
Flexible Vacation  Paid Time Off
Employer-matched 401(k) plan 

LI-Remote
The US base salary range for this full-time position is 105,000-145,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location, and the range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice