We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects job seekers with millions of businesses of all sizes through innovative mobile app, web, and email services, as well as partnerships with the best job sites on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android. 
Summary of Job:
As a Lead Product Manager for Search Experience, you will be responsible for the development of our search experience and optimizing our search experience to help job seekers easily find their next opportunity. You will directly lead the search experience team to build a frictionless, easy to use search experience that empowers our job seekers. This is an opportunity to make a huge impact on our job seekers by changing the core of a job seekers journey - job search.
Key Focuses:

Become the domain expert in our search experience and the technology that supports this experience - youll be the point of contact for the search experience. Youll become an expert on job seeker search behavior.
Constantly use the search platform - build empathy for our job seekers by using the product.
Write specs, manage project execution, and define product rollout strategy and communications
Deliver product roadmap, advocate for new features, and write documentation for technical and non-technical audiences
Work with Executive, Product, Engineering, Analytics, Sales, and Marketing teams to prioritize and launch improvements to our search technology

Minimum Qualifications:

5-7 years combined professional experience in product management, design, UX research, or engineering 
You have previous experience building consumer facing products. You think user-first and know how to make products delightful and easy to use.
Ability to construct insightful questions, query, and interpret qualitative and quantitative data
Demonstrable track record leading a cross-functional team without authority, driving execution and making team members more productive

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience working on search products.
You are comfortable building experiences on top of highly technical products (for example, search or recommender engines)
Experience as a product or business leader, owning and driving business outcomes
Previous experience working as a designer, UX researcher, or equivalent
Youre comfortable diving into data - you can construct a fundamental SQL query and are capable of running your own research queries when needed

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive salary
Exceptional benefits package
Flexible Vacation  Paid Time Off
Employer-matched 401(k) plan

The US base salary range for this full-time position is 177,500-235,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location, and the range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice