We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)For Israel-based positions, we encourage working from our Sarona, Tel Aviv office a few days a week, meeting your colleagues, and having a flexible work environment.
Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects job seekers with millions of businesses of all sizes through innovative mobile app, web, and email services, as well as partnerships with the best job sites on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android. 
Summary of Job:
Our team has a unique opportunity to work on applications at scale, serving millions of jobseekers and tens of thousands of customers. Were working on building an efficient marketplace of jobseekers and employers and need full-stack engineers to build fast, scalable, and effective applications that help connect people to their next job. We provide an essential service and have a thriving business as a result.
Our stack is complex and were looking for engineers who know how to write extensible, properly instrumented, and efficient code as part of a growing distributed system. Were working on mobile-first web applications and need people who can build fast and intuitive experiences.
Key focuses:

Design and implement new features with our Product Team
Playing a key role in architectural and design decisions, building toward an efficient microservices distributed architecture
Participate in the deployment of various cloud-based technologies needed to implement projects
Demonstrating technical leadership, ensuring clear direction, objectives, and feedback
Mentor junior team members to facilitate their professional growth
Help drive the innovation and evolution of ZipRecruiter
Collaborate with product managers, peer engineers, and business stakeholders

Minimum Qualifications:

10 years experience as a full-stack engineer
Strong leadership and mentoring skills
Ability to break tasks down into descriptive steps, and communicate progress effectively with various stakeholders
Experience with a strongly typed backend focused language (TS Node, GO, java), or a strong desire to pick them up quickly
Basic knowledge of the frontend ecosystems and available frameworks for Single Page Applications, we expect you to be able to speak to the details of your preferred framework
Knowledge or experience of how an application makes it to production, and the ability to debug and speak to the status of your deployed service
Experience with some manner of permanent data storage layer (DDB, MySQL, Postgres, etc..)

Preferred Qualifications:

Performance optimization techniques
Familiar with one of the following Infrastructure technologies: Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Terraform, or CloudFormation
Deep knowledge of the frontend ecosystems and available frameworks for Single Page Applications, we expect you to be able to speak to the details of your preferred framework
Higher Level Degrees (bachelors and up)

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive salary
Exceptional benefits package
ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice