We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects millions of all-sized businesses and job seekers through innovative mobile, web, and email services, as well as through partnerships with the best job boards on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android.
About the Team:
Jobs change lives - ask any one of our millions of job seekers we serve and youll no doubt get a similar answer. At ZipRecruiter, our products help connect job seekers with employers, eager to add talent to their company. Our team works on applications at scale, serving millions of job seekers. Were building an innovative marketplace for both jobs and job seekers alike. As part of this effort, were adding software engineering leaders to our team. 
Our business is complex and were looking for engineering managers who can own entire (or even multiple) product lines, drive business value while investing in their teamstech stacks health, and coach engineers to build a strong culture of excellence, ownership, and personal and professional growth.
About the Job:

Own the mission, execution, morale, and code quality of your team
Partner effectively with product managers to maintain and execute against the product roadmap
Serve as a force multiplier for your team by removing roadblocks, identifying and implementing process improvements, and delegating effectively
Actively build community and culture throughout the engineering organization
Continually develop, coach, motivate, and improve your team, leading by example
Champion and evolve innovation at ZipRecruiter and evangelize BIG ideas

Minimum Qualifications:

6 years of experience in a fast-paced software development environment at scale
2 years of experience as a software engineering leader
Experience developing high traffic full stack web or data applications

Preferred Qualifications:

BSMSPhD in Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, related technical field
3 years of engineering management experience 
Demonstrated experience innovating novel approaches and solutions to ambiguous problems

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive compensation
Exceptional benefits package
Flexible Vacation  Paid Time Off
Employer-matched 401(k) plan 

LI-Remote
The US base salary range for this full-time position is 140,000-227,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location, and the range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice