We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is the fastest-growing online employment marketplace for both desktop and mobile traffic. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, were building connections for millions of job seekers and businesses of all sizes through innovative mobile, web, and email services, as well as through partnerships with the best job boards on the web. As the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android for the past 6 years, our customers are our priority. 
About the Team:
Were looking for software engineering interns who are passionate about building an intuitive experience for our marketplace serving millions of jobseekers and tens of thousands of customers. Our teams have a unique opportunity to work at scale, building fast, scalable, and effective applications that help connect people to their next job. As a summer intern, youll join our 12 week program in our Santa Monica office and work on a combination of sprint work with your team and a project designed to provide you with the ability to develop high quality, high-performance code, consider trade-offs, iterate on solutions and expand its scope to prepare you for a full time career. Whether its supporting our job seekers, employers, or internal developers, you will have a real impact on and be able to shape the ZipRecruiter product. 
About the Job:

Take part in the full life cycle of user-facing applications at scale, from design to implementation and testing to production
Develop a strong understanding of the business, industry, codebase, andor systems
Write, test, instrument, and deploy high quality code with good test coverage, using modern abstractions and frameworks to our Kubernetes environment
Help drive the innovation and evolution of ZipRecruiter

Minimum Qualifications:

Currently enrolled in a full-time, Computer Science degree-seeking program or related technical field with an expected graduation date between December 2024 and November 2025. 
Demonstrated foundation in software engineering through previous internship experience or equivalent practical experience
Fluency with at least 1 general purpose programming language (e.g., Python, Java)
Ability to work in-person in our Santa Monica office for the summer

Preferred Qualifications:

Fluency in multiple programming languages or ability to pick up new languages quickly
Experience working with both non-relational and relational database systems
Exposure to developing client side interactions using frameworks like React along with plain Javascript, CSS and HTML
Analytical and problem-solving skills along with a self-starter mentality
Passion for and experience with creating an intuitive, user-friendly experience

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive salary
Exceptional benefits and perks

LI-Remote  
The US base pay range for this full-time position is 45.00hr - 50.00hr. Our pay ranges are determined by role, level, and location, and the range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice