We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)For Israel-based positions, we encourage working from our Sarona, Tel Aviv office a few days a week, meeting your colleagues, and having a flexible work environment.
Our Mission:
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity.
 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects millions of all-sized businesses and job seekers through innovative mobile, web, and email services, as well as through partnerships with the best job boards on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android.
 
Summary:
Our team has a unique opportunity to work on applications at scale, serving millions of jobseekers and tens of thousands of customers. Were working on building an efficient marketplace of jobseekers and employers in order to connect people to their next great job. We provide an essential service and have a thriving business as a result.
As a leader of a team that is focused on Data Science at Ziprecruiter, you will oversee the creation of innovative ML models and oversee their implementation and integration into production systems. You will enjoy being on teams who not only do research, but apply their findings to the real world, and you constantly want to do it faster and better.
 
Responsibilities:

Own the mission, execution, morale, and product quality of your team
Partner effectively with product managers to maintain and execute against the product roadmap, initiate and develop project ideas that optimally leverage your team competencies
Serve as a force multiplier for your team by removing roadblocks, identifying and implementing process improvements, and delegating effectively
Actively build community and culture throughout the engineering organization
Continually research and implement management best practices, including providing frequent, actionable, constructive feedback to team members
Responsible for staffing the team with the right balance between the different roles, according to the product roadmap. 
Help drive the innovation and evolution of ZipRecruiter

 
Qualifications:

Master degree or higher in Computer Science  Mathematics  Statistics or equivalent
5 years of experience as either a Data Scientist or Machine Learning Engineer with experience developing applications at scale. Natural Language Processing (NLP) experience is a big advantage.
4 years of management experience as a data science or ML engineering team lead 
Analytical skills: Ability to access and process large data sets using big data technologies
Strong track record of delivering high-quality software while leading teams of 3 to 10 engineers
Demonstrated ability to lead through influence and collaboration rather than pure authority
Ability to make key decisions in a timely manner while simultaneously weighing the needs and input of multiple stakeholders
Strong written and verbal communication, with a bias toward action and follow-through

Nice to have:

Software engineering experience

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive salary
A fun environment where work-life balance is valued

 ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice