We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)
Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects millions of all-sized businesses and job seekers through innovative mobile, web, and email services, as well as through partnerships with the best job boards on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android.
Summary:
This role leads Decision Science for our Enterprise team at ZipRecruiter. The team is on a mission to build enterprise-grade recruiting products which make it easy for our customers to find their next great hire.
As the Decision Science ManagerSenior Manager for Enterprise, you will partner with leadership across product management, engineering, and the business to drive the roadmap forward. Close collaboration with these stakeholders will be key to your success. You transform insights into decisive actions and product enhancements. In addition to your work across stakeholders, you will lead and develop a team of Decision Scientists to execute rigorous analyses with a bias for action. 
Responsibilities:

Serve as a trusted decision science and analytics partner to the Enterprise team
Define and champion initiatives that directly impact top- and bottom-line growth
Drive product development decisions and priorities using analytical frameworks and a data-first approach
Mobilize cross-functional teams to execute on strategic and operational insights
Build processes and institutional knowledge to improve ZipRecruiters decision-making and execution capability
Inspire, mentor, and grow decision scientists on your team and beyond

Minimum Qualifications

BS in Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, related technical field or equivalent professional experience
6 years of professional experience in decision science, business analytics, data science, software engineering, or related field
2 years of experience with hiring, training and managing team members
Extensive experience working with cross-functional teams and building relationships across different departments
Strong SQL knowledge
Strong working knowledge of statistics, and experience with statistical programming in R or Python

Preferred Qualifications

MSPhD in Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, related technical field or equivalent professional experience
Experience working on B2B software products, particularly performance marketing 
4 years of leadership experience
Highly proficient in statistical software (R, Python), SQL, and data visualization tools
Knowledge and practical experience in several of the following areas: theory and practice of probability and statistics, causal inference, experimental design and analysis, product ecosystems, Bayesian inference.
Familiarity with machine learning algorithms and predictive modeling

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive compensation
Exceptional benefits package
Flexible Vacation  Paid Time Off
Employer-matched 401(k) plan 

LI-Remote
The US base salary range for this full-time position is 132,500 - 210,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location, and the range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice