We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity.
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects millions of all-sized businesses and job seekers through innovative mobile, web, and email services, as well as through partnerships with the best job boards on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android.
Summary:
As the Lead Product Manager for the SMB Employer Monetization Team, you are responsible for the ideation, development, launch, and optimization of our monetization initiatives. You have a deep understanding of monetization levers and tradeoffs and you keep up with the competitive landscape and industry trends. 
In this role, youll optimize our employer pricing, and expand our range of paid employer products to meet customer needs effectively. You will ideate on innovative ways to move metrics as well as make consequential gono-go decisions, and contribute on a strategic level by educating the organization as a whole on your domain of expertise and interfacing with senior leadership. .
Key Focuses:
Monetization Strategy and KPIs: Define, own, and drive monetization and growth Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) while setting the pricing strategy for a diverse marketplace with multiple customer types and monetization models.
Pricing Optimization: Lead the execution of pricing experiments and programs, optimize conversion funnels, and gather competitive insights on market rates and pricing trends.
Cross-Functional Collaboration: Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Sales, Marketing, Finance, and Marketplace Optimization to develop go-to-market strategies and tactics that align with the monetization strategy.
Data-Driven Insights: Process and interpret large datasets to uncover insights about customer cohorts. Leverage this understanding to propose new monetization products and act as an internal advocate, educator, and communicator regarding monetizations impact on customer outcomes and business economics. Additionally, serve as the expert for new initiatives, aligning stakeholders and overseeing project execution.
Minimum Qualifications:

4 years of PL ownership, general management, FPA, andor Product Management experience in a fast-paced tech environment
Deep understanding of monetization strategies and dynamics within marketplace platforms
Proficient in defining KPIs, structuring milestones, and executing end-to-end projects while adapting to evolving priorities
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Skilled at building minimum viable products, measuring, learning, and iterating

Preferred Qualifications:

2 years of experience as a people manager
Experience leading a team in the ecommerce space
PL ownership experience 

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive salary
Exceptional benefits package
Flexible Vacation  Paid Time Off
Employer-matched 401(k) plan 

LI-Remote
The US base salary range for this full-time position is 177,500-235,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location, and the range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.
ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice