We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity.
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects millions of all-sized businesses and job seekers through innovative mobile, web, and email services, as well as through partnerships with the best job boards on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android.
Summary:
ZipRecruiter is looking for a high performer to join our growing Internal Audit team!  In this role, you will partner with leaders across our organization to strengthen our internal control environment by understanding and identifying anticipated changes to our business and  our information systems, anticipating control needs, providing guidance, auditing for control effectiveness, and sharing best practices for mitigating risks.
Key Focuses:

Support the Manager, Internal Audit in the execution of the Companys Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Compliance Program and the related audit of IT general controls, automated controls, and system generated reporting used in the operation of the Companys internal controls over financial reporting.
Partner with IT, Compliance, Product, and Engineering departments, and other stakeholders to define and communicate the methodology for system scoping, control objectives, testing approach, deficiency evaluation and conclusion.
Educate and consult with process and control owners on an effective IT control environment, including recommendations on ITGCs, application controls and IPE for key systems, and remediation of audit issues.
Liaise and translate risk and controls between the system and the financial controls environments across a complex systems landscape.
Proactively identify and monitor process and system changes that result from our growth in transaction volume, automation of processes, software application changes, system integrations and other areas of change that have a direct impact on the Companys financial statements and related disclosures.
Perform walkthrough, testing of controls and review test work papers prepared by co-sourced service provider
Coordinate and communicate with external auditors
Participate in other IT audit engagements, as requested by Management.
Build relationships with key stakeholders across the Company to anticipate changes in the business, processes, systems, and tools utilized or relied upon within our control environment
Execute audit programs as directed by the Director of Internal Audit while ensuring fieldwork and work papers comply with Institute of Internal Auditors (IIA) and department standards
Assist in the preparation of audit reports on the effectiveness of internal controls at an executive level, ensuring that reporting findings are appropriately documented and supported by evidence 
Serve as a trusted business partner and subject matter expert in an advisory capacity by helping process owners identify opportunities for enhancements with the goal of mitigating risk and improving financial and operational performance and by providing recommendations to address audit findings
Manage changes to our Companys audit, risk and compliance tool, including but not limited to changes in controls, process, control owners, and test plan.
Maintain awareness of technology trends and risks that may impact the organization and proactively collaborate with the Compliance and Engineering leadership teams in an advisory capacity.
Maintain appropriate industry associations to keep up to date with emerging technologiesIT risks and identifyleverage audit best practices.
Assist with special projects as requested by management.

Minimum Qualifications:

Solid understanding of IT control frameworks (COBIT, ISO 27002, NIST, ITIL, etc.) is required 
Working knowledge of Sarbanes-Oxley, SSAE 18 and SOC reports, and SEC Cybersecurity Disclosure rules
CISA, CRISC, CISSP, CPA, CIA or other relevant professional certification (or actively working towards achieving certification)
Bachelors Degree or equivalent in AccountingAuditing, Finance, Computer Information Systems
3 Years of experience in the field of public accounting or internal auditing, with a focus on auditing information systems controls
Experience with assessing internal control deficiencies and developing corrective action plans 
Experience with performing risk assessments and scoping activities
Experience communicating audit requirements and results to process and control owners

Preferred Qualifications:

Technology industry experience strongly preferred
Experience collaborating with stakeholders, including Product, and Engineering, in addition to those in Accounting, Finance, Compliance, etc.
Experience with interpretingauditing controls and reports built on programming languages including but not limited to SQL, PERL, Scala, Python, etc.
Experience with reviewing and auditing cloud technologies and platforms
Experience with reviewing and auditing reporting from reporting tools such as Sisense CDT and Superset
Experience with financial and process management systems, including but not limited to Netsuite, Floqast, Tipalti, and Jira 
Experience using an audit, risk, and compliance tool (e.g. Auditboard)
Experience leading and coaching a team
Experience with building and managing budgets

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive compensation
A flexible environment where work-life balance is valued

LI-Remote
The US base salary range for this full-time position is 97,500-130,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location, and the range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice