We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects millions of all-sized businesses and job seekers through innovative mobile, web, and email services, as well as through partnerships with the best job boards on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android.
Summary:
At ZipRecruiter, where a universe of data, brimming with over a billion archived job postings, tens of millions of dynamic job seekers, and countless impression and click events, theres plenty of opportunities for innovation. Here, your experience will be put to work crafting new, data-driven features that impact the lives of millions, connecting them to their dream jobs.
Were tackling exciting challenges: imagine developing a system that can predict salaries for new job postings, using a training set of job postings and known salaries. But the fun doesnt stop at model-building. Our work involves an immersive dive into data - gathering, cleaning, analyzing, and extracting meaningful insights.
Key Focuses:

Design, develop, and maintain machine learning models and algorithms to solve complex business problems
Identify patterns, trends, and anomalies in the data, and visualize insights using appropriate tools
Perform data cleaning, preprocessing, and feature engineering to prepare datasets for model development
Assess the performance of machine learning models using appropriate metrics, validation techniques, and testing datasets
Optimize models by fine-tuning hyperparameters, feature selection, or employing regularization techniques to improve accuracy, performance, and scalability

Minimum Qualifications:

1 year of professional software development experience with a focus in machine learning
Expertise in machine learning algorithms, techniques, and best practices
Comprehensive computer science fundamentals in coding, object-oriented programming, data structures, and algorithms

Preferred Qualifications:

3 year of professional software development experience with a focus in machine learning
BSMSPhD in Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, related technical field or equivalent practical experience
Strong knowledge of machine learning algorithms (e.g., linear regression, SVM, decision trees, neural networks, clustering, etc.) and best practices
Experience with machine learning algorithms and frameworks, such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, or scikit-learn
Knowledge of deep learning architectures and techniques, such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), and Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)
Familiarity with NLP techniques and tools, such as tokenization, stemming, lemmatization, sentiment analysis, and named entity recognition, and libraries like NLTK, SpaCy, or BERT

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive compensation
Exceptional benefits package
Flexible Vacation  Paid Time Off
Employer-matched 401(k) plan 

LI-Remote
The US base salary range for this full-time position is 105,000 - 145,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location, and the range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice