We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity. 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects millions of all-sized businesses and job seekers through innovative mobile, web, and email services, as well as through partnerships with the best job boards on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android.
About the Team:
Were looking for software engineers who can handle the volume of data created by billions of interactions within our ecosystem. This enables the machine learning and analysis capabilities required of a growing distributed system.  
At ZipRecruiter, were looking for software engineers who are passionate about building an intuitive experience for our marketplace of job seekers and employers. Our stack is complex and we prioritize cutting-edge smart match technology, innovation, and cross functional collaboration. Our teams have a unique opportunity to work at scale - build effective, data driven applications, stream and batch data processing, and develop ML infrastructure - all to help connect people to their next great opportunity. 
About the Job:

Build data processing and exploration pipelines along with ML infrastructure to power our intelligence using tools like Spark and Flink
Take part in the full life cycle of user-facing applications at scale, from design to implementation, testing and production
Develop a strong understanding of the business, industry, codebase, andor systems

Minimum Qualifications:

1 year of professional software development experience with a focus on big data technologies
Experience with Hadoop, Spark, Hive, andor other big data technologies
Comprehensive computer science fundamentals in coding, object-oriented programming, data structures, and algorithms
Experience with containerization technologies like Docker andor Kubernetes

Preferred Qualifications:

3 year of professional software development experience, with a focus on big data technologies
BSMSPhD in Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics, related technical field or equivalent practical experience
Experience with data integration tools like Apache Kafka, Flume, and NiFi
Familiarity with data storage technologies such as Delta Lake, HBase, Cassandra, and MongoDB
Familiarity with Apache Hudi, Apache Beam, Apache Flink, Google Cloud Dataflow, Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics, andor Azure Databricks

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive compensation
Exceptional benefits package
Flexible Vacation  Paid Time Off
Employer-matched 401(k) plan 

LI-Remote
The US base salary range for this full-time position is 105,000-145,000. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location, and the range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice