We offer a hybrid work environment. Most US-based positions can also be performed remotely (any exceptions will be noted in the Minimum Qualifications below.)Our Mission: 
To actively connect people to their next great opportunity.
 
Who We Are: 
ZipRecruiter is a leading online employment marketplace. Powered by AI-driven smart matching technology, the company actively connects millions of all-sized businesses and job seekers through innovative mobile, web, and email services, as well as through partnerships with the best job boards on the web. ZipRecruiter has the 1 rated job search app on iOS  Android.
 
Summary:

Process semi-monthly and bi-weekly US payrolls, which include multi-state salaried, hourly, and commissioned employees in ADP Workforce Now. 
Assist in processing the monthly UK and Israeli payrolls as well as the semi-monthly Canadian payrolls
Audit transactions and figures for accuracy and necessary approvals
Communicates with the People Team to ensure the integrity of the payroll data, including data related to new hires, terminations, transfers, and rate changes, and makes updates as necessary
Researches and resolves questions from managers and employees as they relate to the processing of payroll information such as time off, banking, garnishments, employment verification, workers compensation, retroactive pay calculations, tax questions, 401k, and other changes
Assist with processing special payrolls, including bonuses, year-end adjustments, and RSU payrolls. 
Processing of manual checks such as terminations 
Develops and maintains Standard Operating Procedure documents
Assists with reconciling W-2s and other year-end activities

 
Minimum Qualifications:

5 years experience processing multi-state payroll
Strong proficiency in ADP WorkforceNow, Google Workspace, and Excel
Knowledge of payroll-related laws
Must have ADP Smart compliance

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with Fidelity PSW
International employee payroll experience 
Bachelor Degree
APA Certifications

As part of our team youll enjoy:

Competitive salary
Exceptional benefits package
Flexible Vacation  Paid Time Off
Employer-matched 401(k) plan


 
Category: Sales  Biz DevLI-Remote
 
The US  range for this temp position is 35.00 per hour -50.00per hour. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location, and the range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, role-related knowledge and skills, depth of experience, relevant education or training, and additional role-related considerations.
Depending on the position offered, equity, bonuses, commission, or other forms of compensation may also be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and other benefits.

 ZipRecruiter is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or genetics.
Privacy Notice: For information about ZipRecruiters collection and processing of job applicant personal data for this job, please see our Privacy Notice at: https:www.ziprecruiter.comcareersjob-applicant-privacy-notice