Company Overview
At Zuora, we do Modern Business. Were helping people subscribe to new ways of doing business that are better for people, companies and ultimately the planet. Its an approach resulting from the shift to the Subscription Economy that puts customers first by building recurring relationships instead of one-time product sales and focuses on sustainable growth. Through our leading expertise and multi-product suite, we are transforming all industries and working with the worlds most innovative companies to monetize new business models, nurture subscriber relationships and optimize their digital experiences.
 
The Team  Role
 We are looking for Technical Account Manager to join our India  team. The Technical Account Manager will work remotely with customers to help them get the most out of their Zuora investments, and drive the engagement team towards an optimal solution.
 As a Technical Account Manager (TAM), you will draw on your customer-facing skills and technical acumen to help customers successfully manage and adopt Zuora products. Your previous experience with financial applications, program management, enterprise technology implementation, and customer advocacy will play a critical part in your day to day work driving success at our most critical customers. As a TAM, you will regularly engage with your customers, including executives of large enterprises and a cross-functional and geographically dispersed team. A successful TAM  utilizes their relationship management and communication skills and technical credibility to effectively communicate at all levels of the organization. 
A Zuora TAM works closely with our Customer Success Managers, Account Executives, Technical Consultants, and Product Engineers, responsible for managing the end-to-end solution design. If this sound like something youd love to do, plus, youd like to be the among the first to join our newest team in the region. 
 
This is a remote position, so youll be working remotely while occasionally getting together with your team for office visits, events, or offsites. Of course, youre welcome to come into the office more often if youre nearby. 

WHAT YOULL ACHIEVE

Conduct requirements gathering, gap analysis, testing and support sessions with customers.Work directly with Zuora Product Engineers on customer use cases and feedbackCreate, review and understand dataobject models documentation.Create, review and understand process flows and architecture diagrams.Help maintain the overall customer health and be focused on the technical health of the customer.Establish and maintain system configuration, architectures and an overall runbook for each of your customers.Provide your customers with expertise on their Zuora product configuration, our Zuora APIs and integration best practices. Document requirements and user stories and reviews the list of requirementsuser stories with the customer for sign-off.Design and document sound functional and technical solutions, including process flows, technical customizations, and integrations.Provide guidance and updated best practices to customers using quarterly roadmaps and new features
Follow up with customers to ensure delivered work meets original requirements and approved designs.Review with the customer new or updated solutions, ensure the customer is satisfied with the work performedDevelops and delivers custom customer solution specific training materials.Supports the customer with regularly scheduled calls to answer functional and technical questions.

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL

At least 3-5 years of enterprise level experience delivering moderate to complex Revenue and Finance solutionsAt least 3 to 5 years of experience in customer-facing solution delivery within a professional services organization, as a Technical Account Manager or Solution Architect andor Senior Business Consultant with a leading technology consulting company.3-5 years of enterprise level expertise with ERP, Order to Cash, Billing, andor CRM solutions a plus.Bachelors of Science in Computer Science or in Business preferred.Code experience such as SQL, PLSQL or another programming languageObject oriented framework experience.Ability to review API documentation and assist customers in determining how best use APIs and troubleshoot API integrations.Ability to review Zuora workflows and assist customers in troubleshooting these workflows.Demonstrated leadership abilities to lead business discussions with customers and architect the value of our solution and the best practices to implement it.Experience in requirements gathering, use cases documentation, business analysis, systems design and integration, user interface design and implementation.Experience with solution implementation in the areas of revenue recognition, order- to-cash including account receivables, finance, and general ledger.Must be a strong team player with excellent communication skills at the business and technical level, able to collaborate as part of a team to deliver exceptional customer results in a rapid paced implementation environment.Experience managing tasks on multiple projects simultaneously.


ZEOLife at Zuora
As an industry pioneer, our work is constantly evolving and challenging us in new ways that require us to think differently, iterate often and learn constantly—its exciting. Our people, whom we refer to as ZEOs are empowered to take on a mindset of ownership and make a bigger impact here. Our teams collaborate deeply, exchange different ideas openly and together were making whats next possible for our customers, community and the world. 
 
As part of our commitment to building an inclusive, high-performance culture where ZEOs feel inspired, connected and valued, we support ZEOs with:

Competitive compensation, corporate bonus program and performance rewards, company equity and retirement programs
Medical, dental and vision insurance
Generous, flexible time off 
Paid holidays, wellness days and company wide end of year break
6 months fully paid parental leave 
Learning  Development stipend
Opportunities to volunteer and give back, including charitable donation match
Free resources and support for your mental wellbeing  

 
Specific benefits offerings may vary by country and can be viewed in more detail during your interview process.
 
Location  Work Arrangements
Organizations and teams at Zuora are empowered to design efficient and flexible ways of working, being intentional about scheduling, communication, and collaboration strategies that help us achieve our best results. In our dynamic, globally distributed company, this means balancing flexibility and responsibility — flexibility to live our lives to the fullest, and responsibility to each other, to our customers, and to our shareholders. For most roles, we offer the flexibility to work both remotely and at Zuora offices.
 
Our Commitment to an Inclusive Workplace
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
 
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
 
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)zuora.com.