
Company Overview
At Zuora, we do Modern Business. Were helping people subscribe to new ways of doing business that are better for people, companies and ultimately the planet. Its an approach resulting from the shift to the Subscription Economy that puts customers first by building recurring relationships instead of one-time product sales and focuses on sustainable growth. Through our leading expertise and multi-product suite, we are transforming all industries and working with the worlds most innovative companies to monetize new business models, nurture subscriber relationships and optimize their digital experiences.
The Team  Role
Were looking for a Technical Product Marketing Manager capable of taking the highly technical concepts found in our Platform and making them come alive for our field team and our customers through stories that connect capabilities to subscriber experience. If youre a visionary thinker with a track record of technical solutions creation ready to lean in to aligning product strategy, sales, and marketing, this role might be the perfect fit for you. 
The Outcomes Youll Drive:
NEW PRODUCT INTRODUCTIONS: Develop and lead clear Go to Market plans which translate product innovations within the Zuora Platform product line into solutions with repeatable customer buying motions that drive product adoption and revenue growth.

Work with Product to provide company-wide clarity on target customers (personasICP), their pain, and why they chose Zuora over alternatives.
Develop messaging, content, and assets to arm the field with everything they need to start selling immediately.
Iterate relentlessly as we test hypotheses and discover whats working and where we can improve cross-functionally.
We use this GTM approach to learn, change, and ultimately drive up adoption across our customer base and Zuoras revenue growth rate. 

POSITION ZUORA AS THE ONLY MONETIZATION PLATFORM FOR MODERN BUSINESS: Position Zuora Platforms modules and capabilities in a way that transforms the perception of Monetization Platforms, and accelerates Zuora into a leadership position.

We are masters of positioning - ensuring our customers know how Zuora Platform enables them to provide world class Subscriber Experiences. 
We nail our product launches, using innovation milestones as a mechanism for evangelizing the Subscription Economys resilience with our customers and other market influencers (industry analysts, etc). 
We create mind-blowing content that communicates our story and makes our product shine.

EMPOWERED FIELD ARMY: Ensure our field army has the calm confidence that comes with knowing we have the best solution in the market. We aggressively go head to head with the worlds largest software companies - knowing that we alone can deliver the best Monetization Platform for recurring revenue. 

We have a feedback loop that helps PMM tap into experiences in the field, digest, and use to iterate and improve our position. 
We make best in class playbooks, collateral, customer stories and demos to drive our win rates.
We crush competition. We know how to position. We understand competitors weak spots. 
We are the voice of our customers and field to Product, guiding Product to ensure our technology backs up our narrative and meets our customers critical needs.

 
This is a remote position, so youll be working remotely while occasionally getting together with your team for office visits, events, or offsites. Of course, youre welcome to come into the office more often if youre nearby. 
This is a hybrid position, so youll work both remotely and in the office.
This is a location specific position that requires you to come into the office regularly to be most effective. 
What youll do

Storytelling Mastery: Delivers next-level content and assets with effective positioning which weaves many threads together into a fully detailed, rich experience.  
Results and Productivity: Gets results, accomplishes objectives and sees projects to completion by driving collaboration with Sales, Marketing, Product, and other stakeholders.
Buyer Value Obsessed: Is driven by a passion for understanding customer values and needs, and can align the organization to deliver solutions that address them.
Collaboration in Virtual Teams: Models and encourages teamwork by fostering cooperation, communication, trust, and shared goals. Demonstrates dependability executing projects on time and with high quality.
Planning, Prioritizing, and Maintaining Focus: Establishes short-term goals, clarifies roles and responsibilities, sets priorities and milestones, and is not distracted by unimportant details or activities
Agent of Change: Challenges the status quo, supports fresh perspectives, tries out new approaches, and enlists support for change initiatives
Cross-functional Partnerships: Works effectively with other groups and functions, shares information across the enterprise, and considers the impact of decisions on other departments and groups
Judgment and Reasoning: Effectively gathers and interprets data, analyzes problems, identifies core issues, exercises common sense, sees critical connections and ramifications, and weighs alternatives to make effective business decisions.
Domain Expertise: Experience and understanding of multi-tenant, public cloud based SaaS offerings, architecture, principles of APIs and DevOps, and engineering for extensibility.  


Your experience
 5-7 years experience in Product Marketing, Product, Marketing, andor Solutions Consulting

Technical and Field experience - adept at translating technical concepts (architecture, applications, security and compliance, processes, etc.) into bite size value statements for less technically inclined audiences
Content  Asset Delivery Master - has produced high quality customer-facing content and field assets to strategically evangelize key messages
Enterprise software background - worked at B2B technology companies where they were selling into large enterprises
Cross-functional collaboration - can work with product, engineering, marketing, and sales organizations to develop a GTM plan that delivers a revenue number.
Kaizen Captain - Ability to generate new or improved ideas, approaches, products or solutions and persuade others to support, build, and adopt them.
Strategic Influencer - Demonstrated ability to lead through influence, driving execution of a plan in a global organization with conflicting priorities


ZEOLife at Zuora
As an industry pioneer, our work is constantly evolving and challenging us in new ways that require us to think differently, iterate often and learn constantly—its exciting. Our people, whom we refer to as ZEOs are empowered to take on a mindset of ownership and make a bigger impact here. Our teams collaborate deeply, exchange different ideas openly and together were making whats next possible for our customers, community and the world. 
 
As part of our commitment to building an inclusive, high-performance culture where ZEOs feel inspired, connected and valued, we support ZEOs with:

Competitive compensation, corporate bonus program and performance rewards, company equity and retirement programs
Medical, dental and vision insurance
Generous, flexible time off 
Paid holidays, wellness days and company wide end of year break
6 months fully paid parental leave 
Learning  Development stipend
Opportunities to volunteer and give back, including charitable donation match
Free resources and support for your mental wellbeing  

 
Specific benefits offerings may vary by country and can be viewed in more detail during your interview process.
 
Location  Work Arrangements
Organizations and teams at Zuora are empowered to design efficient and flexible ways of working, being intentional about scheduling, communication, and collaboration strategies that help us achieve our best results. In our dynamic, globally distributed company, this means balancing flexibility and responsibility — flexibility to live our lives to the fullest, and responsibility to each other, to our customers, and to our shareholders. For most roles, we offer the flexibility to work both remotely and at Zuora offices.
 
Our Commitment to an Inclusive Workplace
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
 
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
 
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)zuora.com.
The base pay range for this position is only one element of a candidates total rewards package, which may also include bonusesvariable compensation, equity, and benefits. A candidates final base salary may vary based on location, prior experience, and the context of the overall offer. Click here for more information regarding Zuoras benefits.Base Pay Details95,200—168,000 USD