NOT A REMOTE ROLE - THIS IS A HYBRID POSITIONOver the past 15 years, we have seen a shift in the focus of business models across every industry  from selling physical products via one-time transactions to monetizing services via ongoing customer (aka subscriber) relationships. This is the Subscription Economy a phrase coined by our CEO, Tien Tzuo, he even wrote the book on it: Subscribed.
Companies have realized that the path to growth going forward is to establish direct, digital relationships with their customers, and monetize these relationships through an ever growing set of digital services. 
Our vision is simple: we call it The World Subscribed. Its the idea that one day every company will join the Subscription Economy -- a 1.5 Trillion opportunity by 2025 according to UBS.
Our mission: to power the worlds best companies to win in the Subscription Economy.
Zephr, a Zuora Company 
Newly acquired by Zuora, Zephrs platform powers nearly eight billion requests a month and dynamic, personalized subscriber experiences. When combined with data from Zuoras Billing, Collect, and Revenue systems  the resulting solution will empower companies across industries, especially media, to nurture and monetize their subscriber relationships by better understanding their behaviors, experimenting with the right digital offerings, and optimizing their digital experiences.
The Team  Role
The Product  Engineering team is looking for an Executive Assistant with the highest level of professionalism to support our VPGM Product  Engineering.  The ideal candidate will have experience in a fast-paced environment supporting multiple leaders in a highly collaborative, technically advanced environment. This candidate is a creative problem solver who possesses a strong desire to work as a team with a can do attitude and will do what it takes to get the job done. If this sounds like you, lets talk!
In this role youll get to

Oversee day-to-day calendar management of your Executives ever-changing schedule.
Prioritize and manage conflicting appointments using keen judgment to streamline daily, weekly and monthly recurring calendar events
Prepare Executive for upcoming meetings and customer events by providing briefs and supporting materials in an organized and timely manner
Plan, execute and manage RD organization events including, but not limited to: quarterly offsites, outings and PE All Hands meetingssprint reviews
Work closely with other Executive Assistants and or  team members in RD and other departments
Help to arrange domestic and international travel arrangements, as required. Arrangements may include visa applications, booking flights and ground travel, confirming hotel, dinner reservations and preparing itineraries
Communicate with internal and external customers, prospects, partners and vendors while exhibiting the highest degree of professionalism, courtesy and diplomacy
Manage executive expenses using Concur expense tracking system
Creation and tracking of POs and contract negotiations for department activities and vendors
Proactively anticipate the needs of the Executive and take action accordingly
Willing to help out with special projects and research
Ensuring alignment with the rhythm of the business calendar for RD

Who were looking for

Google suite experience including calendar, docs, slides and sheets
Communicates in a clear, concise and effective manner, both verbally and written
Extremely organized and works with a sense of urgency
Identifies and accesses resources (people, funding materials) to get the job done and uses resources efficiently
Ability to efficiently and effectively multitask, prioritize incoming requests appropriately and manage conflicting priorities for self and others
Adaptable and flexible to multiple demands
Interacts professionally and positively with clients and team members at all times
Dependable team player who shows empathy and respect for others
Projects a positive demeanor in fast-paced environment

Benefits

Competitive compensation and retirement programs
Medical, dental and vision insurance
Paid holidays and wellness days and company wide winter break
Generous, flexible time off 
Learning  Development stipend
Opportunities to volunteer and give back, including charitable donation match
Free resources and support for your mental wellbeing  

Specific benefits offerings may vary by country 
 
About Zuora 
As the Subscription Economy leader, Zuora empowers todays innovative companies to nurture and monetize direct, digital relationships. Our award-winning multi-product portfolio now includes Zuora Revenue, Zuora Collect and Zuora Central Platform. More recently, weve added subscription experience platform Zephr to our family, further expanding our capabilities to serve as an intelligent hub that monetizes the complete quote to cash and revenue recognition process at scale.
Through our combination of technology and expertise, Zuora (NYSE: ZUO) helps more than 1,000 companies around the world, including BMC Software, Box, Caterpillar, General Motors, Penske Media Corporation, Schneider Electric, Siemens and Zoom nurture and monetize direct, digital customer relationships. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, Zuora operates offices around the world in the U.S., EMEA, APAC and LATAM.
ZEO Culture
At Zuora, were building an inclusive, high-performance culture that every ZEO wants to subscribe to. We want ZEOs at every level to feel valued, included, and inspired to innovate, connect and collaborate authentically as we pioneer the Subscription Economy. Youll be empowered to think like an owner, take initiative and together, with the support of your team youll push each other to the next level and help transform business models everywhere.
To learn more visit www.zuora.com
Zuora is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)zuora.com.