Over the past 15 years, we have seen a shift in the focus of business models across every industry  from selling physical products via one-time transactions to monetizing services via ongoing customer (aka subscriber) relationships. This is the Subscription Economy a phrase coined by our CEO, Tien Tzuo, he even wrote the book on it: Subscribed.
Companies have realized that the path to growth going forward is to establish direct, digital relationships with their customers, and monetize these relationships through an ever growing set of digital services. 
Our vision is simple: we call it The World Subscribed. Its the idea that one day every company will join the Subscription Economy -- a 1.5 Trillion opportunity by 2025 according to UBS.
Our mission: to power the worlds best companies to win in the Subscription Economy.
 
THE TEAM
Workplace Resources is a highly trusted team, responsible for providing an incredible experience for our ZEOs (what we call Zuora employees). We create and support offices that look good, initiatives that feel good, and programs that do good for Zuora and our community. As a lean team of creative and innovative workplace champions, we work closely to understand the needs of our ever evolving workforce so we can continue to drive collaboration, promote learning, and nurture our ZEO culture wherever people work. Theres no shortage of opportunities, energy, and drive with this team!
 
THE ROLE
As an Office and Community Manager, you will be based in Chennai and will work to create an amazing work environment. Additionally, along with the rest of our global Workplace Resources team, you will help support our distributed workforce of ZEOs by leading and driving engaging and energizing activities both in person and virtually, while also making sure that teams have what they need to be successful. This is done through Slack, email, and in person. You are the face of Zuora and we want you to be a resource for everyone at Zuora! 
This role is required to be in the office located in Chennai at least 4 days per week. Some travel within India may be requested approximately once a quarter.
 
IN THIS ROLE, YOULL GET TO
Enhance the energy and connection of employees

Help organize andor support office events, both virtually and in-person
Develop new and impactful engagement projects and programs to enhance the experience of our ZEOs
Work collaboratively within the rest of the Workplace Resources team and with cross-functional groups to lead and run various programs
Provide important information and create excitement and connection through Slack 
Draft and distribute clear communication to all levels of management

Support employees and visitors

Listen to the needs of our ZEOs both through formal meetings and informal conversations
Report on in-office employee attendance across our global offices 
Assist with employees needs in the office
Play a key role in onboarding and offboarding employees
Manage incoming requests and questions using a ticketing system
Facilitate office access and badging for employees and guests
Support guests or employees traveling to an office they are not familiar with - provide directions and needed information, add them to the building guest list, and ensure they have everything they need

Maintain a safe, clean, and organized office

Take pride in the appearance of the office and make it friendly for our employees and guests
Maintain adequately stocked kitchens and office supplies, restock paper and copy machine products, and general upkeep of office equipment 
Manage weekly snack and meal ordering
Ensure safety measures are in place
Develop and maintain documentation for office processes
Communicate with building management for any facilities needs

Respond to building emergencies 

Work with local government to adhere to guidance and requirements in our office location
Source and directly manage contractors and vendors who will:
Ensure conference rooms are clean, functional and presentable 
Manage shipping and receiving for the office and retrieve, sort and distribute incoming mail 
Ensure office maintenance periodically to provide clean office space
Work with security agencies and ensure a safe working environment
Support transport requests for employees who are working in night shifts 
Raise Purchase Requests in Coupa (procurement management system) for all facility and admin related procurement
Work alongside Finance to verify, certify and process vendor invoices
Provide monthly expense provisions and fund requirements for facilities and admin related spend

WHO WERE LOOKING FOR

Interpersonal skills, supported by excellent written and oral communications skills
Demonstrated ability to interact effectively with a wide variety of people and levels of management
A positive, can do attitude with a willingness to try new things
Proven ability to be resourceful in solving problems without much supervision
Must be customer service oriented
Ability to work independently and to define and solve problems, set priorities, and propose solutions effectively with minimal direction or guidance
Extremely proactive with a strong willingness to get involved in discussions and projects
Can think creatively and out of the box
Experience managing complex projects from start to finish
Demonstrated ability to work and multi-task effectively in a fast-paced, dynamic office environment
Able to prioritize workload and work under pressure with a high level of proficiency and initiative 
Knowledge of G Suite Apps and Slack
Ability to learn new software programs; familiarity with Zoom (or other VC systems) preferred 
Willingness to learn, be flexible, and play an essential role in an exciting and growing company
Ability to lift 15 - 20 pounds
At least 5 years of related experience
At least 2 years of experience directly managing others

BENEFITS

Competitive compensation, company equity, and retirement programs
Medical insurance
Paid holidays and wellness days and company wide winter break
Generous, flexible time off 
6 months fully paid parental leave
Learning  Development stipend
Opportunities to volunteer and give back, including charitable donation match
Free resources and support for your mental wellbeing  

Specific benefits offerings may vary by country 
About Zuora 
As the Subscription Economy leader, Zuora empowers todays innovative companies to nurture and monetize direct, digital relationships. Our award-winning multi-product portfolio now includes Zuora Revenue, Zuora Collect and Zuora Central Platform. More recently, weve added subscription experience platform Zephr to our family, further expanding our capabilities to serve as an intelligent hub that monetizes the complete quote to cash and revenue recognition process at scale.
Through our combination of technology and expertise, Zuora (NYSE: ZUO) helps more than 1,000 companies around the world, including BMC Software, Box, Caterpillar, General Motors, Penske Media Corporation, Schneider Electric, Siemens and Zoom nurture and monetize direct, digital customer relationships. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, Zuora operates offices around the world in the U.S., EMEA, APAC and LATAM.
ZEO Culture
At Zuora, were building an inclusive, high-performance culture that every ZEO wants to subscribe to. We want ZEOs at every level to feel valued, included, and inspired to innovate, connect and collaborate authentically as we pioneer the Subscription Economy. Youll be empowered to think like an owner, take initiative and together, with the support of your team youll push each other to the next level and help transform business models everywhere.
To learn more visit www.zuora.com
Zuora is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)zuora.com.