Over the past 15 years, we have seen a shift in the focus of business models across every industry  from selling physical products via one-time transactions to monetizing services via ongoing customer (aka subscriber) relationships. This is the Subscription Economy a phrase coined by our CEO, Tien Tzuo, he even wrote the book on it: Subscribed.
Companies have realized that the path to growth going forward is to establish direct, digital relationships with their customers, and monetize these relationships through an ever growing set of digital services. 
Our vision is simple: we call it The World Subscribed. Its the idea that one day every company will join the Subscription Economy -- a 1.5 Trillion opportunity by 2025 according to UBS.
Our mission: to power the worlds best companies to win in the Subscription Economy.
The Team  Role
Zuoras leading, cloud-based software solution automates all subscription order-to-revenue operations in  real-time for any business. Companies in any industry can launch new businesses, shift products to  subscription, implement new pay-as-you-go pricing and packaging models, gain new insights into  subscriber behavior, and disrupt market segments to gain competitive advantage.   
Our growth story is only just beginning and our Sales team is pivotal in sustaining our rapid growth across  the globe. We are looking for a relationship focused, outcome-oriented Enterprise Account  Manager with an entrepreneurial spirit to help us take on this huge market opportunity.    
As an Enterprise Account Executive, youll focus on  targeted 100M - 1B accounts; helping to enable  some of the most successful software, hardware, media, telecom and IOT companies sustain rapid growth and transform their entire business. Youll work closely with our existing customers as a trusted advisor,  further pioneering business transformation, expanding Zuoras footprint and value. You will be the CEO aka  ZEO of your franchise and career  owning, driving the strategy and leading the sales cycle with a cross-functional team including our award-winning customer service team. Be challenged and supported  as a salesperson to grow as youll be surrounded by some of the brightest and most visionary people both  in and outside of Zuora.    
In this role youll get to

 Complete Zuoras in depth onboarding and sales training to become an expert in Zuoras  messaging, products and services and unique sales approach  
 Develop your own account, territory, and opportunity plans to manage the complete and complex  sales cycles to drive maximum value and adoption of Zuoras complete product portfolio 
 Identify and secure expansion  cross-sell opportunities within your assigned book of business 
 Exceed your quarterly and annual sales quota; identify opportunities and create a pipeline that will  fuel the ongoing growth of your business 
 Meet  Exceed Annual renewal targets
 Work cross functionally with our marketing, product and customer service teams to deliver  outstanding results 
 Accurately forecast profitable and predictable territory performance through adherence of our  sales process 
 Advocate your customers implementations and maintain customer satisfaction by ensuring timely  resolution any customer service related issues    What youll need to be successful: 
 7 years of solution sales experience managing complex SaaS sales-cycles with demonstrated  ownership of territory and account management 
 Proven track record of consistent over-achievement of quotas, revenue goals and the ability to effectively  identify and sell to C-level executives  

Who were looking for

Passion for building long lasting customer relationships and working cross-functionally within a  diverse team to deliver outstanding results 
 Ability to align technology solutions to complex, multi-stakeholder business problems and utilize  strategic thinking skills to solve customer problems 
 Technologically adept and business acumen focused with outstanding communication both written  and oral, negotiation and presentation skills 
 Ability to work individually and on a collaborative team in a fast paced and continuously evolving  environment  
Strong computer skills including the G-Suite, Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel) and  Salesforce is a plus  
 Bachelors degree (sales training methodologies is a plus) 
 Ability to travel when required 

Benefits

Competitive compensation, company equity and retirement programs
Medical, dental and vision insurance
Paid holidays and wellness days and company wide winter break
Generous, flexible time off 
6 months fully paid parental leave
Learning  Development stipend
Opportunities to volunteer and give back, including charitable donation match
Free resources and support for your mental wellbeing  

 
Specific benefits offerings may vary by country 
 
About Zuora 
As the Subscription Economy leader, Zuora empowers todays innovative companies to nurture and monetize direct, digital relationships. Our award-winning multi-product portfolio now includes Zuora Revenue, Zuora Collect and Zuora Central Platform. More recently, weve added subscription experience platform Zephr to our family, further expanding our capabilities to serve as an intelligent hub that monetizes the complete quote to cash and revenue recognition process at scale.
 
Through our combination of technology and expertise, Zuora (NYSE: ZUO) helps more than 1,000 companies around the world, including BMC Software, Box, Caterpillar, General Motors, Penske Media Corporation, Schneider Electric, Siemens and Zoom nurture and monetize direct, digital customer relationships. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, Zuora operates offices around the world in the U.S., EMEA, APAC and LATAM.
 
ZEO Culture
At Zuora, were building an inclusive, high-performance culture that every ZEO wants to subscribe to. We want ZEOs at every level to feel valued, included, and inspired to innovate, connect and collaborate authentically as we pioneer the Subscription Economy. Youll be empowered to think like an owner, take initiative and together, with the support of your team youll push each other to the next level and help transform business models everywhere.
 
To learn more visit www.zuora.com
 
Zuora is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
 
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
 
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)zuora.com.
