Company Overview
At Zuora, we do Modern Business. Were helping people subscribe to new ways of doing business that are better for people, companies and ultimately the planet. Its an approach resulting from the shift to the Subscription Economy that puts customers first by building recurring relationships instead of one-time product sales and focuses on sustainable growth. Through our leading expertise and multi-product suite, we are transforming all industries and working with the worlds most innovative companies to monetize new business models, nurture subscriber relationships and optimize their digital experiences.
The Team  Role
Zuoras go-to-market team sells a high-value solution to dominant players across every sector of the market. We power future-proof growth and strategic transformation. With deep value and broad reach, the opportunity for the company and our sales team is massive. Our world class sales and marketing leaders are building teams to drive the next stage of Zuoras growth and power the global subscription economy.
Our Business Development (ZBR) team is central to ho we go to market, bridging marketing and sales motions to break into key accounts across the business. Your success is critical to Zuoras success and we invest in you accordingly.

We continually invest in training for you to become experts in our field, our buyer and our products


We constantly evaluate and refine tools so every one of our ZBRs is leveraged, has the best content, messaging, and technology to perform at the highest level


We pair ZBRs with expert, veteran sellers to develop lifelong, strategic sales skills


We support your career path in sales or other roles within the company so you grow with us

What youll do 
Youll help expand our relationships and value within strategic accounts and work with sales and marketing to break into new accounts.

Work with an incredible marketing team to target the right accounts based on ideal customer profiles, real-time engagement signals, and a finely tuned demand capture engine


Work with the global ZBR Center of Excellence and field enablement teams to identify the best ways to engage decision makers, communicate our value, and develop opportunities for our sellers


Strategize with your sales partners on account and territory plans, partner on campaign execution, nurture potential new business, and persuade C-level executives to engage


Master modern, best-practice prospecting methods and tools to be successful- Outreach, Gong, Salesforce, Alyce, Marketo, and others


Leverage multi-channel call, event, email, and social selling sequences 


Be entrepreneurial and constantly look for ways to better yourself, your team, and our departments 


Learn how to own your personal target, drive repeatable success, and prepare to manage your business as a seller

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL 

Fluency in speaking English and French
3 to 9 months experience in a similar sales role. Previous software sales is ideal but also open to other sales roles such as agency recruiters looking to make a career change into SaaS sales. Agency recruiters who work on business development, not purely candidate sourcing
Prior experience with sales methodologies, prospecting including cold calling
Eager to work in a high-energy, collaborative sales team environment
Humility  quick on the uptake
And most importantly - grit and determination!

ZEOLife at Zuora
As an industry pioneer, our work is constantly evolving and challenging us in new ways that require us to think differently, iterate often and learn constantly—its exciting. Our people, whom we refer to as ZEOs are empowered to take on a mindset of ownership and make a bigger impact here. Our teams collaborate deeply, exchange different ideas openly and together were making whats next possible for our customers, community and the world. 
 As part of our commitment to building an inclusive, high-performance culture where ZEOs feel inspired, connected and valued, we support ZEOs with:

Competitive compensation, corporate bonus program and performance rewards, company equity and retirement programs
Medical, dental and vision insurance
Generous, flexible time off 
Paid holidays, wellness days and company wide end of year break
6 months fully paid parental leave 
Learning  Development stipend
Opportunities to volunteer and give back, including charitable donation match
Free resources and support for your mental wellbeing  

 Specific benefits offerings may vary by country and can be viewed in more detail during your interview process.
 Location  Work Arrangements
We subscribe to modern work which means organizations and teams at Zuora are empowered to design efficient and flexible ways of working, being intentional about scheduling, communication, and collaboration strategies that help us achieve our best results while balancing flexibility and responsibility.
 Our Commitment to an Inclusive Workplace
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)zuora.com.