Over the past 15 years, we have seen a shift in the focus of business models across every industry  from selling physical products via one-time transactions to monetizing services via ongoing customer (aka subscriber) relationships. This is the Subscription Economy a phrase coined by our CEO, Tien Tzuo, he even wrote the book on it: Subscribed.
Companies have realized that the path to growth going forward is to establish direct, digital relationships with their customers, and monetize these relationships through an ever growing set of digital services.
Our vision is simple: we call it The World Subscribed. Its the idea that one day every company will join the Subscription Economy -- a 1.5 Trillion opportunity by 2025 according to UBS.
Our mission: to power the worlds best companies to win in the Subscription Economy.
The Team  Role
CUSTOMER SUCCESS
The Customer Success team at Zuora is focused entirely on ensuring our customers achieve value and their desired outcomes when using our products or services. We have a saying at Zuora, Were all About Relationships and our team is specifically focused on building long-term relationships with a portfolio of customers, key executive stakeholders and cross functional teams, ensuring we deeply understand their goals and objectives, and exceed their expectations.
We are looking for Technical Account Manager to join our India  team
The Technical Account Manager will work remotely with customers to help them get the most out of their Zuora investments, and drive the engagement team towards an optimal solution.As a Technical Account Manager (TAM), you will draw on your customer-facing skills and technical acumen to help customers successfully manage and adopt Zuora products. Your previous experience with financial applications, program management, enterprise technology implementation, and customer advocacy will play a critical part in your day to day work driving success at our most critical customers.
As a TAM, you will regularly engage with your customers, including executives of large enterprises and a cross-functional and geographically dispersed team. A successful TAM utilizes their relationship management and communication skills and technical credibility to effectively communicate at all levels of the organization.
A Zuora TAM works closely with our Customer Success Managers, Account Executives, Technical Consultants, and Product Engineers, responsible for managing the end-to-end solution design. If this sound like something youd love to do, plus, youd like to be the among the first to join our newest team in the region. 
In this role youll get to

Conduct requirements gathering, gap analysis, testing and support sessions with customers. Work directly with Zuora Product Engineers on customer use cases and feedback Create, review and understand dataobject models documentation. Create, review and understand process flows and architecture diagrams. Help maintain the overall customer health and be focused on the technical health of the customer. Establish and maintain system configuration, architectures and an overall runbook for each of your customers. Provide your customers with expertise on their Zuora product configuration, our Zuora APIs and integration best practices.  Document requirements and user stories and reviews the list of requirementsuser stories with the customer for sign-off. Design and document sound functional and technical solutions, including process flows, technical customizations, and integrations. Provide guidance and updated best practices to customers using quarterly roadmaps and new features. Follow up with customers to ensure delivered work meets original requirements and approved designs. Review with the customer new or updated solutions, ensure the customer is satisfied with the work performed Develops and delivers custom customer solution specific training materials. Supports the customer with regularly scheduled calls to answer functional and technical questions.

Who were looking for

At least 3-5 years of enterprise level experience, within a professional services organization, as a Technical Account Manager andor Senior Business Consultant with a leading technology consulting company, delivering moderate to complex ERP, billing, revenue,andor salesforce.com  Microsoft Dynamics solutions (Force.com platform a plus). 3-5 years of customer-facing solution delivery andor business consulting experience. Master of Science in Computer Science or in Business preferred. Code experience such as SQL or another programming language Object oriented framework experience. Ability to review API documentation and assist customers in determining how best use APIs and troubleshoot API integrations. Ability to review Zuora workflows and assist customers in troubleshooting these workflows. Demonstrated leadership abilities to lead business discussions with customers and architect the value of our solution and the best practices to implement it. Experience in requirements gathering, use cases documentation, business analysis, systems design and integration, user interface design and implementation. Experience with solution implementation in the areas of order-to-cash including account receivables, finance, and general ledger is a plus. Must be a strong team player with excellent communication skills at the business and technical level, able to collaborate as part of a team to deliver exceptional customer results in a rapid paced implementation environment. Experience managing tasks on multiple projects simultaneously.

Benefits

Competitive compensation, company equity, and retirement programs
Paid holidays and wellness days and company wide winter break
Generous, flexible time off
6 months fully paid parental leave
Learning  Development stipend
Opportunities to volunteer and give back, including charitable donation match
Free resources and support for your mental wellbeing

Specific benefits offerings may vary by country 
About Zuora 
As the Subscription Economy leader, Zuora empowers todays innovative companies to nurture and monetize direct, digital relationships. Our award-winning multi-product portfolio now includes Zuora Revenue, Zuora Collect and Zuora Central Platform. More recently, weve added subscription experience platform Zephr to our family, further expanding our capabilities to serve as an intelligent hub that monetizes the complete quote to cash and revenue recognition process at scale.
Through our combination of technology and expertise, Zuora (NYSE: ZUO) helps more than 1,000 companies around the world, including BMC Software, Box, Caterpillar, General Motors, Penske Media Corporation, Schneider Electric, Siemens and Zoom nurture and monetize direct, digital customer relationships. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, Zuora operates offices around the world in the U.S., EMEA, APAC and LATAM.
ZEO Culture
At Zuora, were building an inclusive, high-performance culture that every ZEO wants to subscribe to. We want ZEOs at every level to feel valued, included, and inspired to innovate, connect and collaborate authentically as we pioneer the Subscription Economy. Youll be empowered to think like an owner, take initiative and together, with the support of your team youll push each other to the next level and help transform business models everywhere.
To learn more visit www.zuora.com
Zuora is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)zuora.com.
 