Company Overview
At Zuora, we do Modern Business. Were helping people subscribe to new ways of doing business that are better for people, companies and ultimately the planet. Its an approach resulting from the shift to the Subscription Economy that puts customers first by building recurring relationships instead of one-time product sales and focuses on sustainable growth. Through our leading expertise and multi-product suite, we are transforming all industries and working with the worlds most innovative companies to monetize new business models, nurture subscriber relationships and optimize their digital experiences.
 
The Team  Role
As our customers are in the midst of transition, so is our platform. Were evolving from a single, best in class product line, to a portfolio of applications, each with billion dollar TAMs. Our customers increasingly see us not as just a useful application, but as a mission-critical platform that serves as the core operating system for their business lines with recurring and flexible monetization models.
Youll work for one of those applications - Zephr - which helps businesses deeply understand their customers, rapidly experiment with subscriber journeys, and create targeted offers that drive customer lifetime value.
Were looking for a Product Marketing Associate whos ready to upskill our entire team on the Zephr product. With a keen interest in enablement, youll arm our field with product knowledge, stories, plays, and messaging that position Zephr as a best-in-market solution for recurring revenue businesses. 

The object of this role is to empower our field army to increase revenue through new business, customer retention and account growth. Youll ensure our commercial teams have the calm confidence that comes with knowing we have the best solution in the market. 
Youll be part of a feedback loop that helps PMM tap into experiences in the field, digesting and using data to iterate and improve our position. Its the critical link in our go to market strategy, driving revenue by supporting our commercial teams success. 
Youll be the voice of our customers and field team to our Product team, guiding Product to ensure our technology backs up our narrative and meets our customers critical needs.

This is a hybrid position, so youll work both remotely and in the office.
 
What youll do

Work within our product marketing and enablement team supporting the Sales, Lead Generation, Global Services and Customer Success teams. 
Determine and evaluate training needs for the Zephr product(s), then designing and delivering coaching and training to ensure all of our reps are equipped exceeding 100 quota attainment. Creating, maintaining and monitoring usage of enablement collateral including sales decks, fact sheets, one-pagers, etc.
Ensure our commercial teams are trained and confident with our Value Narrative, communicating a consistent message of value to our prospects or customers.
Ensure our global services and customer success teams are trained and confident in delivering and maintaining a Zephr implementation, with a focus on customer retention.
Own the feedback loops between commercial teams and the product marketing  enablement function.
Work closely with Product Marketing to deliver go to market initiatives to the commercial team. This will include product releases and competitor intelligence efforts.
Assist in the onboarding of new reps, whilst evaluating current processes and providing expert advice on improving for faster ramping times.
Partner with RevOps, owning the sales tools such as Gong.io and monitoring correct usage to ensure sales processes are being followed.

Key Competencies

Results and Productivity: Gets results, accomplishes objectives and sees projects to completion. Delivers next-level content and assets.
Collaboration in Virtual Teams: Models and encourages teamwork by fostering cooperation, communication, trust, and shared goals
Planning, Prioritizing, and Maintaining Focus: Establishes short-term goals, clarifies roles and responsibilities, sets priorities and milestones, and is not distracted by unimportant details or activities
Agent of Change: Challenges the status quo, supports fresh perspectives, tries out new approaches, and enlists support for change initiatives
Building Cross-functional Partnerships: Works effectively with other groups and functions, shares information across the enterprise, and considers the impact of decisions on other departments and groups
Judgment and Reasoning: Effectively analyzes problems, identifies core issues, exercises common sense, sees critical connections and ramifications, and weighs alternatives

Your experience
2 years experience in a SaaS company. Whether youve been in Marketing, Product Training, Enablement, Customer Success or Solution Consulting, were looking for someone who understands how to talk about software. 

Technical and Field experience - adept at translating complex technical concepts into bite size value statements.
Content  Asset Delivery Master - has produced high quality customer-facing content and field assets to strategically evangelize key messages
Enterprise software background - worked at B2B technology companies where they were selling into large enterprises
Cross-functional collaboration - can work with product, engineering, marketing, and sales organizations to develop a GTM plan that delivers a revenue number.
Big Thinker - Ability to generate new or improved ideas, approaches, products or solutions and persuade others to support, build, and adopt them.
Buyer Value Obsessed - Passion for understanding customersbuyer pains and needs, and can align the organization to address them

 
ZEOLife at Zuora
As an industry pioneer, our work is constantly evolving and challenging us in new ways that require us to think differently, iterate often and learn constantly—its exciting. Our people, whom we refer to as ZEOs are empowered to take on a mindset of ownership and make a bigger impact here. Our teams collaborate deeply, exchange different ideas openly and together were making whats next possible for our customers, community and the world. 
As part of our commitment to building an inclusive, high-performance culture where ZEOs feel inspired, connected and valued, we support ZEOs with:

Competitive compensation, corporate bonus program and performance rewards, company equity and retirement programs
Medical, dental and vision insurance
Generous, flexible time off 
Paid holidays, wellness days and company wide end of year break
6 months fully paid parental leave 
Learning  Development stipend
Opportunities to volunteer and give back, including charitable donation match
Free resources and support for your mental wellbeing  

Specific benefits offerings may vary by country and can be viewed in more detail during your interview process.
Location  Work Arrangements
Organizations and teams at Zuora are empowered to design efficient and flexible ways of working, being intentional about scheduling, communication, and collaboration strategies that help us achieve our best results. In our dynamic, globally distributed company, this means balancing flexibility and responsibility — flexibility to live our lives to the fullest, and responsibility to each other, to our customers, and to our shareholders. For most roles, we offer the flexibility to work both remotely and at Zuora offices.
 
Our Commitment to an Inclusive Workplace
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)zuora.com.
