Over the past 15 years, we have seen a shift in the focus of business models across every industry  from selling physical products via one-time transactions to monetizing services via ongoing customer (aka subscriber) relationships. This is the Subscription Economy a phrase coined by our CEO, Tien Tzuo, he even wrote the book on it: Subscribed.
Companies have realized that the path to growth going forward is to establish direct, digital relationships with their customers, and monetize these relationships through an ever growing set of digital services.
Our vision is simple: we call it The World Subscribed. Its the idea that one day every company will join the Subscription Economy -- a 1.5 Trillion opportunity by 2025 according to UBS.
Our mission: to power the worlds best companies to win in the Subscription Economy.
The Team
Our Marketing team plays a pivotal role in evangelizing the subscription economy and sustaining Zuoras rapid global growth. ZEO marketers are world-class storytellers and strategic campaign builders. We are a design-driven organization that loves to collaborate, innovate, and tackle tough technical and conceptual projects. Traditional cookie-cutter B2B marketing is taboo here. Instead, with everything we do — from marketing operations to brand design — we strive to create original solutions and stand out from the crowd. We are energized by our work, inspired by our team, and always looking to take our marketing to the next level.
WHAT YOULL ACHIEVE
Do you love to write? Can you translate business jargon into copy thats confident, clear, and human?  Reporting to the Director of Content Strategy, this is a role that requires hands-on content  communications expertise working with a content strategy team.
The ideal candidate is a content marketing professional with a strong writing background, excellent story-telling skills, and extensive experience within B2B Marketing organizations. You will execute on our content strategy, helping craft and evangelize our mission of helping the worlds best companies succeed in the subscription economy. This person will partner with a team of writers, creators, and media strategists in producing compelling content and messaging that supports brand awareness, industry thought leadership, customer advocacy, engagement, and retention goals across the company, while continuously identifying trends and opportunities to amplify the Zuora brand. Aligning to these business needs and priorities, you will employ a heavy bias toward delivering a high-value content, messaging, and assets across owned, earned, and partnered media channels including press, blogs, videos, social media, eBooks, event keynotes, and more. Your work will impact the positioning, personality and preference for the Zuora brand on a global level, and help Zuora fulfill its mission of revolutionizing the way the world does business.
YOUR ABILITIES  RESPONSIBILITIES

Dont just write. Be a strategic advisor to senior marketers, helping to clarify business objectives, define key messages, and differentiate Zuora
B2B marketing experience is a plus; however we welcome anyone with a strong portfolio and a proven track record of delivering high-quality content at scale.
Develop compelling messaging, copy and innovative approaches for campaign assets, including marketing collateral, infographics, web copy, social media, and email.
The ability to support a global communications and editorial plans that map to brand, customer engagement, growth, retention, and account-based strategies
Execute on the direction of brand, product and content marketing campaigns - ensuring our content inspires audiences with thoughtful, and differentiating messaging
Best-in-class standards for content quality across a range of formats e.g. written, visual, video, news, hybrid liveevent-based content both on and offline
Partner with the Marketing Team and stakeholders across the company to Develop original, breakthrough creative, messaging, copy and design for a variety of marketing and brand experience touch-points
Passion for the market and opportunity Zuora is pursuing, challenges the status quo, and strives for the best customer experience
5 years of content  communications experience; preferably in the technology industry andor SaaS
Fantastic critical thinking, agility, and attention to detail
Journalist or newsroom background is a plus.

Benefits

Competitive compensation, company equity, and retirement programs
Medical, dental and vision insurance
Paid holidays and wellness days and company wide winter break
Generous, flexible time off
6 months fully paid parental leave
Learning  Development stipend
Opportunities to volunteer and give back, including charitable donation match
Free resources and support for your mental wellbeing

 
Specific benefits offerings may vary by country 
About Zuora 
As the Subscription Economy leader, Zuora empowers todays innovative companies to nurture and monetize direct, digital relationships. Our award-winning multi-product portfolio now includes Zuora Revenue, Zuora Collect and Zuora Central Platform. More recently, weve added subscription experience platform Zephr to our family, further expanding our capabilities to serve as an intelligent hub that monetizes the complete quote to cash and revenue recognition process at scale.
Through our combination of technology and expertise, Zuora (NYSE: ZUO) helps more than 1,000 companies around the world, including BMC Software, Box, Caterpillar, General Motors, Penske Media Corporation, Schneider Electric, Siemens and Zoom nurture and monetize direct, digital customer relationships. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, Zuora operates offices around the world in the U.S., EMEA, APAC and LATAM.
ZEO Culture
At Zuora, were building an inclusive, high-performance culture that every ZEO wants to subscribe to. We want ZEOs at every level to feel valued, included, and inspired to innovate, connect and collaborate authentically as we pioneer the Subscription Economy. Youll be empowered to think like an owner, take initiative and together, with the support of your team youll push each other to the next level and help transform business models everywhere.
To learn more visit www.zuora.com
Zuora is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)zuora.com.The base pay range for this position is only one element of a candidates total rewards package, which may also include bonusesvariable compensation, equity, and benefits. A candidates final base salary may vary based on location, prior experience, and the context of the overall offer. Click here for more information regarding Zuoras benefits.Base Pay Details82,800—124,200 USD