Over the past 15 years, we have seen a shift in the focus of business models across every industry  from selling physical products via one-time transactions to monetizing services via ongoing customer (aka subscriber) relationships. This is the Subscription Economy a phrase coined by our CEO, Tien Tzuo, he even wrote the book on it: Subscribed.
Companies have realized that the path to growth going forward is to establish direct, digital relationships with their customers, and monetize these relationships through an ever growing set of digital services.
Our vision is simple: we call it The World Subscribed. Its the idea that one day every company will join the Subscription Economy -- a 1.5 Trillion opportunity by 2025 according to UBS.
Our mission: to power the worlds best companies to win in the Subscription Economy.
THE OPPORTUNITY  YOUR MISSION
As a Software Engineering Manager at Zuora, your overall goal is to help your team stay productive and engaged.
WHAT YOULL ACHIEVE

Leading by example with respect to Infrastructure code quality, testing and documentation
Continuously refining the teams ability to set clear priorities, estimate effort and set accurate expectations regarding delivery dates, quality objectives.
Moderating the collaboration between team members and senior engineering leaders on the design and implementation of new architectural patterns.
Identifying ways to improve the tools and processes that the team uses to build, test and deploy.
Collaborating with Product Managers to contribute to product design as they work with the team to deliver product features
Working with our Documentation, Support and Customer Success teams to provide help, fix customer-reported bugs, handle escalations, incident and oncall.
Identifying individual career goals and working closely with each team member to achieve them
Managing team dynamics and inspiring collective morale
Fostering a strong culture of customer empathy, encouraging the team to focus first on solving customer problems
Participating in the process of locating, screening and interviewing engineering candidates, hiring and retaining talent.

WHAT WE THINK YOULL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL

15 years experience building software products, with at least 5 years building applications, tools , CICD on the cloud providers.
4 years managing teams of at least 10 other engineers
Strong practical knowledge of IaC, GIT, Security, AWS concepts, Azure  and Dev Ops
Past experience with CICD pipelines, Infrastructure, cost  management products a big plus.
Experience building, deploying software products for infrastructure, particularly multi-cloud or distributed web applications is a big plus.
Stakeholder management by building trust.
Mentoring and coaching the team.
APM, Monitoring and Logging knowledge on a 3rd party application is a big plus.
Proven track records in owning, delivering and onboarding Infrastructure software products
Ability to manage speed, Cost and Quality of the deliverables.
Excellent communication skills, Innovative thinking and can-do attitude.

Benefits

Competitive compensation, company equity, and retirement programs
Medical, dental and vision insurance
Paid holidays and wellness days and company wide winter break
Generous, flexible time off 
6 months fully paid parental leave
Learning  Development stipend
Opportunities to volunteer and give back, including charitable donation match
Free resources and support for your mental wellbeing

Specific benefits offerings may vary by country
About Zuora 
As the Subscription Economy leader, Zuora empowers todays innovative companies to nurture and monetize direct, digital relationships. Our award-winning multi-product portfolio now includes Zuora Revenue, Zuora Collect and Zuora Central Platform. More recently, weve added subscription experience platform Zephr to our family, further expanding our capabilities to serve as an intelligent hub that monetizes the complete quote to cash and revenue recognition process at scale.
Through our combination of technology and expertise, Zuora (NYSE: ZUO) helps more than 1,000 companies around the world, including BMC Software, Box, Caterpillar, General Motors, Penske Media Corporation, Schneider Electric, Siemens and Zoom nurture and monetize direct, digital customer relationships. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, Zuora operates offices around the world in the U.S., EMEA, APAC and LATAM.
ZEO Culture
At Zuora, were building an inclusive, high-performance culture that every ZEO wants to subscribe to. We want ZEOs at every level to feel valued, included, and inspired to innovate, connect and collaborate authentically as we pioneer the Subscription Economy. Youll be empowered to think like an owner, take initiative and together, with the support of your team youll push each other to the next level and help transform business models everywhere.
To learn more visit www.zuora.com
Zuora is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistancezuora.com.
 