Over the past 15 years, we have seen a shift in the focus of business models across every industry  from selling physical products via one-time transactions to monetizing services via ongoing customer (aka subscriber) relationships. This is the Subscription Economy a phrase coined by our CEO, Tien Tzuo, he even wrote the book on it: Subscribed.
 
Companies have realized that the path to growth going forward is to establish direct, digital relationships with their customers, and monetize these relationships through an ever growing set of digital services.
 
Our vision is simple: we call it The World Subscribed. Its the idea that one day every company will join the Subscription Economy -- a 1.5 Trillion opportunity by 2025 according to UBS.
 
Our mission: to power the worlds best companies to win in the Subscription Economy.
 
Zephr, a Zuora Company 
Newly acquired by Zuora, Zephrs platform powers nearly eight billion requests a month and dynamic, personalized subscriber experiences. When combined with data from Zuoras Billing, Collect, and Revenue systems  the resulting solution will empower companies across industries to nurture and monetize their subscriber relationships by better understanding their behaviors, experimenting with the right digital offerings, and optimizing their digital experiences.
 
The Team  Role
The Product Management team at Zuora are in the frontlines, intimately working with Zuora customers and users to identify product opportunities, functional requirements and business processes. Product Managers translate this data into product strategy, roadmap and detailed requirements that are hyper focused on business impact and customer value. Product Managers evangelize with internal and external stakeholders for buy-in and partner with engineering to bring their product to life. Additionally, Product Managers will ensure success of their product by working with their Product Marketing counterparts to drive pricing strategy, product positioning, promotional planning, product launches and product adoption strategies.
 
Our Tech Stack: Java, Spring, Rest API, Microservices, Kafka, Spark, NodeJS, AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform, AngularJS
 
In this role youll get to

Work closely with respective international or domestic clients and their teams in the course of implementation of specific tasks and projects.
Work as part of multi-company projects and cooperates in a professional manner in accordance with good business practice.
Participate in regular reporting, reviewing and planning of the work, tasks and projects engaged with.
You should strive to keep Zephr easy to use and easy to understand; you should uphold our principals of minimizing time-to-value and making our solutions accessible to non-technical users.
You should be talking to customers and prospective customers or other representatives from the market regularly, at least one meeting a week, on average, but ideally more than that. You should use best practice techniques to extract their pain points and align those with our direction and strategy.
In day-to-day prioritization of your squads work you must consider the applicability, feasibility, appropriateness, usability and - most importantly - the value of the feature. If any of these properties are not found in the feature in question it is your responsibility to de-risk the development through experimentation, spikes and prototyping.
You must work closely with your squad, providing guidance and direction to all of its members. You must also report on direction, timings and progress to the wider management team, in particular the CPO, and the Product Marketing team, in particular the Head of Product Marketing  Enablement.
You should confidently manage up, setting expectations and pushing back against requests that do not fit with your objectives.
You must ensure that work undertaken by the Squad is well defined and suitably documented.
You should help the Squads Delivery Manager to remove any impediments of understanding from the development process.

What were looking for
 

10 years of experience operating in a Product Manager position
Skilled in Agile and lean and continually be learning new tools and when to apply them
Experience in a role where you have been a coach, a communicator, an expectation manager, a facilitator and a diplomat.
Experience in managing a team, where you have been concerned with the happiness of team members and how they work together, sheltering them from external distractions and any politics, ensuring they are able to focus on the job at hand
Experience in outward facing tasks traditionally the realm of the project manager such as financial tracking, hiring, stakeholder management and reporting to the wider organisation.
Ability to manage multiple customer engagements and implementations
Ability to prioritize tasks in line with business objectives
Ability to work inacross and at times lead a team
Logical and thorough approach with good problem-solving skills
Prompt, diligent, presentable, and a role model internally and externally
Ability to interpret new business  technical processes
Ability to communicate confidently in a customer facing environment
Ability to take ownership of a problem  solution and drive it through to completion

Personal Characteristics

Exceptional interpersonal skills and being able to communicate effectively with internal teams, external parties and teams and their own team members when team leading.
Constant drive for quality and a desire to meet deadlines without needing to compromise quality as the company is renowned for our quality and professionalism and this individual must have these personal goals.
Able to learn new technologies and approaches very rapidly and in some cases where there is little external training or materials available to assist in this process.
Able to then implement a new technology, where the level of support available may be limited due to the newness of the technology.

 
 
About Zuora 
As the Subscription Economy leader, Zuora empowers todays innovative companies to nurture and monetize direct, digital relationships. Our award-winning multi-product portfolio now includes Zuora Revenue, Zuora Collect and Zuora Central Platform. More recently, weve added subscription experience platform Zephr to our family, further expanding our capabilities to serve as an intelligent hub that monetizes the complete quote to cash and revenue recognition process at scale.
 
Through our combination of technology and expertise, Zuora (NYSE: ZUO) helps more than 1,000 companies around the world, including BMC Software, Box, Caterpillar, General Motors, Penske Media Corporation, Schneider Electric, Siemens and Zoom nurture and monetize direct, digital customer relationships. Headquartered in Silicon Valley, Zuora operates offices around the world in the U.S., EMEA, APAC and LATAM.
 
ZEO Culture
At Zuora, were building an inclusive, high-performance culture that every ZEO wants to subscribe to. We want ZEOs at every level to feel valued, included, and inspired to innovate, connect and collaborate authentically as we pioneer the Subscription Economy. Youll be empowered to think like an owner, take initiative and together, with the support of your team youll push each other to the next level and help transform business models everywhere.
 
To learn more visit www.zuora.com
 
Zuora is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
 
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
 
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)zuora.com.