Company Overview
At Zuora, we do Modern Business. Were helping people subscribe to new ways of doing business that are better for people, companies and ultimately the planet. Its an approach resulting from the shift to the Subscription Economy that puts customers first by building recurring relationships instead of one-time product sales and focuses on sustainable growth. Through our leading expertise and multi-product suite, we are transforming all industries and working with the worlds most innovative companies to monetize new business models, nurture subscriber relationships and optimize their digital experiences.
The Team  Role
The Digital Experience and Security (DES) team focuses on the entire engagement lifecycle from Zuora prospect to Zuora customer. We build foundational frameworks aimed at providing our customers with a consistent, frictionless and ultimately delightful journey throughout their entire interaction with Zuora. 
Functional areas of responsibility include Authentication and Data Access Control, Tenant Management (Tenant Lifecycle, Features and Entitlements, Configuration Management), Test Environments, and general Self Service capabilities.
MISSION: 
Our mission is to build enterprise ready functionalities and foundational tools making Zuora easy to use and agile in experimenting new business models.
If you love solving complex and cross-functional engineering challenges, where you can leverage creative and out-of-the-box thinking to come up with innovative solutions, the DES team will be a perfect fit.
Working on the overall Digital Experience, you can have a major impact on customer facing functionalities and products, all focused on empowering the customer in their interactions with Zuora. You will be using cutting-edge software to build the next generation of services and products that follow best design and engineering practices. You will use your technical skills to mentor and coach team members and contribute to building out highly performing engineering teams. 
And with the breadth of responsibilities of the DES domain, there are multiple opportunities for technical ownership, including several greenfield projects.
This is a location specific position that requires you to come into the office regularly to be most effective. 
Our Tech Stack: Java, Spring, Rest API, Microservices, Kafka, Spark, NodeJS, AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform, AngularJS 
What youll do

You will take pride in significantly improving the overall customer experience and removing existing friction points


You will gain valuable expertise collaborating and shipping awesome products in a cross-functional and diverse team


You will hone your problem solving abilities by breaking down complex functional and technical problems and driving towards an elegant solution

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL

A customer-first mindset


Self starter and team player


Can take potentially ambiguous requirements in complex domains and distill them down into actionable tasks
Highly skilled technically, loves to mentor and grow individuals, and contribute to building high performing teams

ZEOLife at Zuora
As an industry pioneer, our work is constantly evolving and challenging us in new ways that require us to think differently, iterate often and learn constantly—its exciting. Our people, whom we refer to as ZEOs are empowered to take on a mindset of ownership and make a bigger impact here. Our teams collaborate deeply, exchange different ideas openly and together were making whats next possible for our customers, community and the world. 
As part of our commitment to building an inclusive, high-performance culture where ZEOs feel inspired, connected and valued, we support ZEOs with:

Competitive compensation, corporate bonus program and performance rewards, company equity and retirement programs
Medical, dental and vision insurance
Generous, flexible time off 
Paid holidays, wellness days and company wide end of year break
6 months fully paid parental leave 
Learning  Development stipend
Opportunities to volunteer and give back, including charitable donation match
Free resources and support for your mental wellbeing  

Specific benefits offerings may vary by country and can be viewed in more detail during your interview process.
Location  Work Arrangements
Organizations and teams at Zuora are empowered to design efficient and flexible ways of working, being intentional about scheduling, communication, and collaboration strategies that help us achieve our best results. In our dynamic, globally distributed company, this means balancing flexibility and responsibility — flexibility to live our lives to the fullest, and responsibility to each other, to our customers, and to our shareholders. For most roles, we offer the flexibility to work both remotely and at Zuora offices.
Our Commitment to an Inclusive Workplace
Think, be and do you! At Zuora, different perspectives, experiences and contributions matter. Everyone counts. Zuora is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating an inclusive environment for all.
Zuora does not discriminate on the basis of, and considers individuals seeking employment with Zuora without regards to, race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. Applicants in need of special assistance or accommodation during the interview process or in accessing our website may contact us by sending an email to assistance(at)zuora.com.
