OUR VISION: THE WORLD. SUBSCRIBED.
Customers have changed. Theyre looking for new ways to engage with businesses. Consumers today have a new set of expectations. They want outcomes, not ownership. Customization, not generalization. Constant improvement, not planned obsolescence.  
In the old world (lets call it the Product Economy) it was all about things. Acquiring new customers, shipping commodities, billing for one-time transactions. But in todays new era, its all about relationships. More and more customers are becoming subscribers because subscription experiences built around services meet consumers needs better than the static offerings or a single product.
Our vision is The World Subscribed where one day every company will be a part of the Subscription Economy (a phrase coined by our CEO, Tien Tzuo and author of the best selling book Subscribed).
The Revenue Solution ArchitectTechnical Account Manager will work with customers to help them get the most out of their Zuora investments, and drive the engagement team towards an optimal solution.
As a Revenue Solution ArchitectTechnical Account Manager, you will draw on your customer-facing skills and technical acumen to help customers successfully manage and adopt Zuora products. Your previous experience with financial infrastructure, program management, enterprise technology implementation, strategy development, and customer advocacy will play a critical part in your day to day work driving success at our most critical customers.
As a Revenue Solution ArchitectTechnical Account Manager, you will regularly engage with your customers, including executives of large enterprises and a cross-functional and geographically dispersed team. A successful TAM utilizes their relationship management and communication skills and technical credibility to effectively communicate at all levels of the organization.
If this sound like something youd love to do, plus, youd like to be the among the first to join our newest team in the region. 
Then joining the team here should be your next logical choice!
With no current presence in this region, the Costa Rica team will be pioneers in what is set to be the next great milestone in Zuoras journey.
WHAT YOULL ACHIEVE

Conduct requirements gathering, gap analysis, testing and support sessions with customers.
Work directly with Zuora Product Engineers on customer use cases and feedback
Create, review and understand dataobject models documentation.
Create, review and understand process flows and architecture diagrams.
Help maintain the overall customer health and be focused on the technical health of the customer.
Establish and maintain system configuration, architectures and an overall runbook for each of your customers.
Provide your customers with expertise on their Zuora product configuration, our Zuora APIs and integration best practices. 
Document requirements and user stories and reviews the list of requirementsuser stories with the customer for sign-off.
Design and document sound functional and technical solutions, including process flows, technical customizations, and integrations.
Provide guidance and updated best practices to customers using quarterly roadmaps and new features.
Follow up with customers to ensure delivered work meets original requirements and approved designs.
Review with the customer new or updated solutions, ensure the customer is satisfied with the work performed
Develops and delivers custom customer solution specific training materials.
Supports the customer with regularly scheduled calls to answer functional and technical questions.
 

WHAT YOULL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL

At least 3-5 years of enterprise level experience delivering moderate to complex Revenue and Finance solutions
At least 3 to 5 years of experience in customer-facing solution delivery within a professional services organization, as a Technical Account Manager or Solution Architect andor Senior Business Consultant with a leading technology consulting company. 
3-5 years of enterprise level expertise with ERP, Order to Cash, Billing, andor CRM solutions a plus.
Bachelors of Science in Computer Science or in Business preferred.
Code experience such as SQL, PLSQL or another programming language
Object oriented framework experience.
Ability to review API documentation and assist customers in determining how best use APIs and troubleshoot API integrations.
Ability to review Zuora workflows and assist customers in troubleshooting these workflows.
Demonstrated leadership abilities to lead business discussions with customers and architect the value of our solution and the best practices to implement it.
Experience in requirements gathering, use cases documentation, business analysis, systems design and integration, user interface design and implementation.
Experience with solution implementation in the areas of revenue recognition, order-to-cash including account receivables, finance, and general ledger.
Must be a strong team player with excellent communication skills at the business and technical level, able to collaborate as part of a team to deliver exceptional customer results in a rapid paced implementation environment.
Experience managing tasks on multiple projects simultaneously.
 

OUR VISION: THE WORLD. SUBSCRIBED.
Customers have changed. Theyre looking for new ways to engage with businesses. Consumers today have a new set of expectations. They want outcomes, not ownership. Customization, not generalization. Constant improvement, not planned obsolescence.  
In the old world (lets call it the Product Economy) it was all about things. Acquiring new customers, shipping commodities, billing for one-time transactions. But in todays new era, its all about relationships. More and more customers are becoming subscribers because subscription experiences built around services meet consumers needs better than the static offerings or a single product.
Our vision is The World Subscribed where one day every company will be a part of the Subscription Economy (a phrase coined by our CEO, Tien Tzuo and author of the best selling book Subscribed).
ABOUT ZUORA  OUR ZEO CULTURE
 
 